10-12G 1 tm2415917d2_1012g.htm 10-12G As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 31, 2024 File No. [ ] UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 Form 10 GENERAL FORM FOR REGISTRATION OF SECURITIES PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OR 12(g) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 THIRD POINT PRIVATE CAPITAL PARTNERS (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware 99-3198614 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 55 Hudson Yards, 51 st Floor New York, NY 10001 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (212) 715-3880 with copies to: Robin Brem, Esq. Third Point LLC 55 Hudson Yards, 51 st Floor New York, NY 10001 (212) 715-3880 John J. Mahon, Esq. Proskauer Rose LLP 1001 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW Suite 600 South Washington, DC 20004 (202) 416-6828 Securities to be registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None Securities to be registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Title of Each Class Common Shares of Beneficial Interest, par value $0.001 per share Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of &quot;large accelerated filer,&quot; &quot;accelerated filer,&quot; &quot;smaller reporting company,&quot; and &quot;emerging growth company&quot; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. TABLE OF CONTENTS Page EXPLANATORY NOTE 1 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 2 Item 1. Business 3 Item 1A. Risk Factors 33 Item 2. Financial Information 82 Item 3. Properties 85 Item 4. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 86 Item 5. Trustees and Executive Officers 86 Item 6. Executive Compensation 90 Item 7. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Trustee Independence 90 Item 8. Legal Proceedings 99 Item 9. Market Price of and Dividends on the Registrant's Common Equity and Related Shareholder Matters 100 Item 10. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 101 Item 11. Description of Registrant's Securities to be Registered 101 Item 12. Indemnification of Trustees and Officers 105 Item 13. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 106 Item 14. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 106 Item 15. Financial Statements and Exhibits 106 i EXPLANATORY NOTE Third Point Private Capital Partners is filing this registration statement on Form 10 (the &quot; Registration Statement &quot;) with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &quot; SEC &quot;) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the &quot; Exchange Act &quot;), on a voluntary basis to permit it to file an election to be regulated as a business development company (a &quot; BDC &quot;) under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the &quot; 1940 Act &quot;). Unless indicated otherwise in this Registration Statement or the context requires otherwise, the terms: &middot; &quot; we ,&quot; &quot; us ,&quot; &quot; our &quot; and the &quot; Fund &quot; refer to Third Point Private Capital Partners, a Delaware statutory trust, and its consolidated subsidiaries, if any; &middot; &quot; Third Point &quot; refers collectively to Third Point LLC and its affiliates, as applicable; &middot; &quot; Adviser &quot; and our &quot; investment adviser &quot; refer to Third Point Private Capital LLC, our investment adviser. &middot; &quot; Administrator &quot; and our &quot; administrator &quot; refer to Third Point Private Capital LLC, which is also our investment adviser; and &middot; &quot; shareholders &quot; refers to holders of our common shares of beneficial interest, par value $0.001 per share (the &quot; Shares &quot;). We are an emerging growth company as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the &quot; JOBS Act &quot;). Upon the effective date of this Registration Statement, we will be subject to the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act, including the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act, which will require us to file annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and current reports on Form 8-K. We will also be required to comply with all other obligations of the Exchange Act applicable to issuers filing registration statements pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act. Additionally, we will be subject to the proxy rules in Section 14 of the Exchange Act and the Fund, its trustees, officers, and principal shareholders will be subject to the reporting requirements of Sections 13 and 16 of the Exchange Act. We will file an election to be regulated as a BDC under the 1940 Act prior to the effective date of this Registration Statement. Upon filing of such election, we will become subject to the 1940 Act requirements applicable to BDCs. Investing in our Shares may be considered speculative and involves a high degree of risk, including, but not limited to, the following: &middot; We have limited prior operating history and there is no assurance that we will achieve our investment objective. &middot; An investment in our Shares may not be suitable for investors who may need the money they invest in the foreseeable future. &middot; Our Shares may not be sold by shareholders without our written consent, and shareholders should not expect to be able to sell our Shares regardless of how we perform. &middot; If a shareholder is unable to sell its Shares, the shareholder will be unable to reduce its exposure during a market downturn. &middot; Our Shares are not currently listed on an exchange, and given that there is no current intention of pursuing any such listing, it is unlikely that a secondary trading market will develop for our Shares. Therefore, our Shares constitute an illiquid investment. The purchase of our Shares is intended to be a long-term investment. &middot; Repurchases of Shares by us, if any, are expected to be limited. &middot; Our distributions may be funded from offering proceeds or borrowings, which may constitute a return of capital and reduce the amount of capital available to us for investment. Any capital returned to a shareholder through distributions will be distributed after payment of fees and expenses. &middot; We will invest in securities that are rated below investment grade by rating agencies or that would be rated below investment grade if they were rated. Below investment grade securities, which are often referred to as &quot;junk&quot; have predominantly speculative characteristics with respect to the issuer's capacity to pay interest and repay principal. They will also be difficult to value and are illiquid. &middot; We intend to borrow money, which magnifies the potential for gain or loss and increases the risk of investing in us. Our indebtedness could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Holders of our indebtedness would have fixed-dollar claims on our assets that have priority over the claims of our shareholders. If the value of our assets decreases or our total income decreases, leverage will cause our net asset value or net income, respectively, to decline more sharply than it otherwise would have without leverage. 1 &middot; Investment in our Shares is suitable only for sophisticated investors and requires the financial ability and willingness to accept the high risks and lack of liquidity inherent in an investment in us. &middot; We intend to invest primarily in privately-held companies for which little public information exists. Such companies are also generally more vulnerable to economic downturns and may experience substantial variations in operating results. &middot; The privately-held companies and below-investment-grade securities in which we will invest will be difficult to value and are illiquid. Such companies are also generally more vulnerable to economic downturns and may experience substantial variations in operating results. &middot; We will elect to be regulated as a BDC under the 1940 Act prior to the effective date of this registration statement, which imposes numerous restrictions on our activities, including restrictions on leverage and on the nature of our investments. FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Registration Statement on Form 10 contains forward-looking statements regarding the plans and objectives of management for future operations. Any such forward-looking statements may involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements, which involve assumptions and describe our future plans, strategies and expectations, are generally identifiable by use of the words &quot;may,&quot; &quot;will,&quot; &quot;should,&quot; &quot;expect,&quot; &quot;anticipate,&quot; &quot;estimate,&quot; &quot;believe,&quot; &quot;intend,&quot; &quot;target,&quot; &quot;goals,&quot; &quot;plan,&quot; &quot;forecast,&quot; &quot;project,&quot; other variations on these words or comparable terminology, or the negative of these words. These forward-looking statements are based on assumptions that may be incorrect, and we cannot assure you that the projections included in these forward-looking statements will come to pass. Our actual results could differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including the factors discussed in &quot; Item 1A. Risk Factors &quot; in Part I of this Registration Statement and elsewhere in this Registration Statement. We have based the forward-looking statements included in this Registration Statement on information available to us on the date of this Registration Statement, and we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements, unless we are required to do so by applicable law. However, you are advised to consult any additional disclosures that we may make directly to you or through reports that we may file in the future with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including subsequent amendments to this Registration Statement, annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. The following factors are among those that may cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements: &middot; the ability of our prospective portfolio companies to achieve their objectives; &middot; our business prospects and the business prospects of our prospective portfolio companies; &middot; the ability of the Adviser and its affiliates to retain talented professionals; &middot; our ability to raise sufficient capital to execute our investment strategy; &middot; our future operating results and dependence on key personnel and the Adviser; &middot; risks associated with possible disruptions due to terrorism in our operations or the economy generally; &middot; the relative and absolute performance of the Adviser; &middot; our expected financings and investments; &middot; future changes in laws or regulations and conditions in our operating areas; &middot; the dependence of our future success on the general economy and its impact on the industries in which we invest; &middot; the impact of increased competition; &middot; interest rate volatility, including volatility associated with debt investments based on floating rates, such as SOFR (as defined below), EURIBOR (as defined below), the Federal Funds Rate or the prime rate; &middot; the ongoing crises in Ukraine, the Middle East and other global conflicts; &middot; changes in political, economic or industry conditions, the interest rate environment or conditions affecting the financial and capital markets, including with respect to a rating agency downgrade; 2 &middot; general economic and political trends and other external factors, including pandemics and recent supply chain disruptions ; &middot; currency fluctuations could adversely affect the results of our investments in foreign companies, particularly to the extent that we receive payments denominated in foreign currency rather than U.S. dollars; &middot; the portfolio may be affected by force majeure events and climate change-related occurrences and public health concerns; &middot; our information and technology systems, as well as those of the Adviser and their respective service providers, may be vulnerable to cybersecurity incidents; &middot; we may be required to disclose information under the U.S. Freedom of Information Act (&quot; FOIA &quot;) which may affect our competitive advantage; &middot; the impact on our business of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the &quot; Dodd-Frank Act &quot;) and the rules and regulations issued thereunder; &middot; our regulatory structure as a BDC and tax status as a regulated investment company (a &quot; RIC &quot;); &middot; the tax status of the enterprises in which we may invest; &middot; our ability to pay dividends or make distributions; &middot; our contractual arrangements and relationships with third parties; &middot; the adequacy of our cash resources; and &middot; the impact of future acquisitions, divestitures and investments. The safe harbor provisions of Section 21E of the Exchange Act and Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the &quot; Securities Act &quot;), which preclude civil liability for certain forward-looking statements, do not apply to the forward-looking statements in this Registration Statement. Item 1. Business Executive Summary Third Point Private Capital Partners was formed as a Delaware statutory trust on May 23, 2024. We are a newly-organized, non-diversified, closed-end management investment company that intends to elect to be regulated as a BDC under the 1940 Act prior to the effective date of the Registration Statement. In addition, for U.S. federal income tax purposes we intend to elect to be treated, and intend to qualify annually thereafter, as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the &quot; Code &quot;). As a BDC and a RIC, we must comply with certain regulatory requirements. See &quot; &mdash;Regulation as a Business Development Company &quot; and &quot; &mdash;Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations .&quot; We are externally managed by the Adviser, an investment adviser that will register with the SEC under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the &quot; Advisers Act &quot;), prior to the filing of our election to be regulated as a BDC under the 1940 Act. The Adviser is an affiliate of Third Point LLC and will seek to leverage the experience, talent and network of relationships of Third Point's dedicated Private Credit team (&quot; TP Private Credit Team &quot;) to source and evaluate opportunities. Our investment objective is to seek to generate current income and, to a lesser extent, long-term capital appreciation. We will seek to achieve our investment objective by investing primarily in senior secured loans to U.S.-domiciled, middle market companies with a focus on originated transactions sourced through the network of the Adviser and its affiliates, including the relationships of the members of the TP Private Credit Team . We will also seek to achieve our investment objective by collaborating with the Adviser and its affiliates to access broader credit capabilities and industry sector experience with a view towards sourcing and selecting a wider set of investment opportunities. We generally consider middle market companies to consist of companies with between $15 million and $100 million of annual earnings before interest expense, income tax expense, depreciation and amortization (&quot; EBITDA &quot;). While we intend to target loans to middle market companies, we may invest in private credit opportunities and related investments of larger or smaller companies, as well as other structured financing solutions. Our portfolio will consist primarily of directly originated senior secured term loans including first lien senior secured term loans (including unitranche loans) and second lien senior secured term loans, with the balance of our investments expected to be in higher-yielding assets such as mezzanine debt, and unsecured debt, some of which we expect will be publicly traded, as well as equity investments and other opportunistic asset purchases, including, without limitation, common stock, preferred stock, warrants and options . We expect most of our debt investments will either not be rated or, if rated, will carry a rating below investment grade by a nationally recognized statistical rating organization (rated lower than &quot;Baa3&quot; by Moody's Investors Service, Inc. (&quot; Moody's &quot;) or lower than &quot;BBB-&quot; by Standard & Poor's Ratings Services (&quot; S&P &quot;)). There is no limit on the maturity or duration of any security we may hold in our portfolio. Loans and securities purchased in the secondary market will generally have shorter remaining terms to maturity than newly issued investments. 3 Subject to the limitations of the 1940 Act, we may invest in loans or other securities, the proceeds of which may refinance or otherwise repay debt or securities of companies whose debt is owned by other propriety funds, investment vehicles or accounts to which Third Point provides discretionary investment advisory services (collectively, the &quot; Third Point Funds &quot;). From time to time, we may co-invest with other Third Point Funds, subject to limitations imposed on transactions with affiliates under the 1940 Act. We are concurrently filing an application with the SEC seeking an exemptive order in order to co-invest with other funds, investment vehicles or accounts managed by the Adviser or its affiliates, such as the Third Point Funds, or alongside the Adviser or its affiliates in a principal capacity, in a manner consistent with our investment objective, positions, policies, strategies and restrictions as well as regulatory requirements and other pertinent factors. See &quot; &mdash;Regulation as a Business Development Company. &quot; We expect to use leverage as market conditions permit and at the discretion of the Adviser, but in no event will leverage employed exceed the limitations set forth in the 1940 Act. We intend to take steps prior to filing our election to be regulated as a BDC that will permit us to utilize leverage so long as we have an asset coverage ratio of at least 150%, which equates to approximately a 2:1 debt to equity ratio, after we incur any additional indebtedness. We expect to use leverage in the form of borrowings, which may include loans from financial institutions and the issuance of debt securities. We may also use leverage in the form of the issuance of preferred shares, but do not currently intend to do so. In determining whether to borrow money, we will analyze the maturity, covenant package and rate structure of the proposed borrowings as well as the risks of such borrowings compared to our investment outlook. Any such leverage, if incurred, would be expected to increase our total capital available for investment. We are a private BDC of indefinite duration. Our Shares will generally only be sold to U.S. persons who are &quot;accredited investors&quot; as defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D under the Securities Act, or to non-U.S. persons outside of the United States in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act. In our sole discretion, we may permit one or more additional closings in connection with the initial private placement of our Shares (the &quot; Initial Private Offering &quot;) , and we may also conduct additional offerings for our Shares from time to time, in connection with which we may enter into subscription agreements with investors that may have terms different from those entered into by the shareholders in the Initial Private Offering. See &quot; &mdash;The Private Offering .&quot; Within five years of the date on which we commence our operations, we will consider, but shall not be obligated to consummate, a &quot;Liquidity Event&quot; (defined below). See &quot; &mdash; Shareholder Liquidity. &quot; Third Point Third Point was founded in 1995 by Daniel S. Loeb, who has over 30 years of experience in asset management. Third Point is primarily engaged in providing discretionary investment advisory services to a variety of domestic and offshore private investment vehicles, including Third Point's flagship hedge funds, a hedge fund of funds, a structured credit fund, a private real estate fund, several private equity-style funds, and multiple separately managed accounts. Third Point's primary strategy is an opportunistic, event-driven approach that spans across a broad range of industries, geographies, and asset classes. As of the date of this filing, Third Point has approximately $10.7 billion in assets under management, including $5.1 billion across credit strategies, and as of April 30, 2024, had approximately 111 employees, including approximately 42 investment professionals. The TP Private Credit Team is led by Chris Taylor, who has over 20 years of investment experience focusing on capital solutions in middle-market private credit and private equity. Mr. Taylor and the other senior investment professionals who are part of the TP Private Credit Team will be primarily responsible for managing the Fund and sourcing and evaluating investment opportunities for us. The Adviser Our investment activities are managed by the Adviser, Third Point Private Capital LLC, which will register as an investment adviser with the SEC prior to the filing of our election to be regulated as a BDC. The Adviser's principal executive office is located at 55 Hudson Yards, 51 st Floor, New York, New York 10001. Subject to the supervision of our Board of Trustees (the &quot; Board &quot;), a majority of which is comprised of trustees who are not &quot;interested persons&quot; of the Fund, the Adviser or their respective affiliates as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act (such trustees, our &quot; Independent Trustees &quot;), the Adviser will be responsible for our overall management and affairs, will have full discretion to invest our assets in a manner consistent with our investment objective, and will be solely responsible for our investment decisions. In this capacity, the Adviser is responsible for sourcing and screening potential investments, conducting due diligence on prospective investments, analyzing investment opportunities, structuring investments and monitoring our portfolio on an ongoing basis. Our Adviser's activities will be led by Chris Taylor who will work with the rest of the TP Private Credit Team, as well as the other investment professionals that comprise Third Point's broader investment team as appropriate. Our Adviser will ultimately be managed by Daniel S. Loeb, who is the founder of Third Point, as well as its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Investment Officer. The Adviser is an affiliate of Third Point LLC, which is an SEC-registered investment adviser headquartered in New York, New York. [Certain of our initial investors in the Initial Private Offering may hold minority equity investments in the Adviser.] 4 Pursuant to a personnel services agreement between Third Point and the Adviser (the &quot; Personnel Services Agreement &quot;), Third Point will make a portion of the time and efforts of certain investment professionals at Third Point who comprise the TP Private Credit Team available to the Adviser for purposes of originating and identifying investment opportunities, conducting research and due diligence on prospective investments, analyzing and underwriting investment opportunities, structuring and selecting investments and monitoring and servicing our investments in accordance with the services provided by the Adviser under an investment advisory agreement between us and the Adviser (the &quot; Investment Advisory Agreement &quot;). The Adviser and its affiliates may engage in management or investment activities on behalf of entities whose objectives and strategies overlap with ours. Our Adviser's investment activities will be overseen by an investment committee that is comprised of members of the TP Private Credit Team and certain other senior executives at Third Point, which committee is led by Chris Taylor (the &quot; Investment Committee &quot;). The Investment Committee will be responsible for making all investment and disposition decisions subject to the supervision of the Board. Each member of the Investment Committee is an employee of Third Point. The members of the Investment Committee are primarily responsible for the day-to-day management of our portfolio, insofar as they make investment decisions on our behalf. The Investment Committee operates in a consensus-driven manner, although Mr. Taylor, as our portfolio manager, must approve of each new investment that we make. We believe that extensive network of contacts maintained by the members of the TP Private Credit Team, which includes financial sponsors, debt investors, banks and specialty lenders, as well as the Adviser's targeted outbound search model and its reputation and record as a leader in investing in the private credit disciplines, among others, will provide us with a significant competitive advantage in sourcing and underwriting attractive investment opportunities. We expect to leverage Third Point&rsquo;s broad experience and robust infrastructure for sourcing, monitoring and workout/restructuring support as needed, which we believe will allow us to recognize significant synergies as being a part of the broader Third Point platform in managing our investments. The Adviser will be responsible for documentation and monitoring with respect to our investments. On our behalf, the Adviser's underwriting team will actively monitor the activities and the financial condition of each portfolio company and offer to provide significant managerial assistance in accordance with the obligations of a BDC. See &quot; &mdash;Managerial Assistance to Portfolio Companies .&quot; A hands-on monitoring approach that includes active dialogue with the borrower is designed to allow the Adviser's underwriting team to proactively identify and address prospective new investment opportunities as well as any underperforming credits in the life of their investment. To the extent warranted, the Adviser will utilize Third Point's existing workout capabilities. The Administrator The Adviser also serves as our Administrator. Subject to the supervision of the Board, the Administrator will provide the administrative services necessary for us to operate, including the provision or supervision of administrative and compliance services, and we will utilize the Administrator's office facilities, equipment and recordkeeping services. We will reimburse the Administrator for any costs and expenses it may incur on our behalf in connection with providing such facilities and administrative services to us, including our allocable portion of the compensation of any administrative personnel who provide services to us, plus any overhead (including rent, office equipment and utilities) and other expenses incurred by the Administrator in providing these services, facilities and personnel to us and performing its administrative obligations, as provided by the administration agreement by and between us and the Administrator (the &quot; Administration Agreement &quot;). In addition, the Administrator is permitted to delegate its duties under the Administration Agreement to affiliates or third parties, and we will reimburse the expenses of these parties incurred directly or paid by the Administrator on our behalf. We expect that the Administrator will arrange for the engagement of State Street Bank and Trust Company, which is not an affiliate of us or the Adviser, to provide us with certain fund accounting and administrative services. Board of Trustees Overall responsibility for oversight of our activities rests with the Board. The Board consists of five members, three of whom are Independent Trustees. The Independent Trustees comprise a majority of the Board. Trustees who are &quot;interested persons,&quot; as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act, of the Fund or the Adviser are referred to herein as &quot; Interested Trustees .&quot; The Board elects our officers, who serve at the discretion of the Board. We have entered into the Investment Advisory Agreement with the Adviser, pursuant to which the Adviser will manage us as described herein. The Board is responsible for overseeing the Adviser and other service providers in our operations in accordance with the provisions of our Agreement and Declaration of Trust (the &quot; Declaration of Trust &quot;), bylaws and other related documents (collectively, the &quot; Governing Agreements &quot;), our agreements with such service providers and applicable provisions of state and other laws. 5 Investment Strategy Our investment objective is to seek to generate current income and, to a lesser extent, long-term capital appreciation. We will seek to achieve our investment objective by investing primarily in senior secured loans to U.S.-domiciled, middle market companies with a focus on originated transactions sourced through the network of the Adviser and its affiliates, including the relationships of the members of the TP Private Credit Team . We will also seek to achieve our investment objective by collaborating with the Adviser and its affiliates to access broader credit capabilities and industry sector experience with a view towards sourcing and selecting a wider set of investment opportunities. We generally consider middle market companies to consist of companies with annual EBITDA between $15 million and $100 million. While we intend to target loans to middle market companies, we may invest in private credit opportunities and related investments of larger or smaller companies, as well as other structured financing solutions. Our portfolio will consist primarily of directly originated senior secured term loans including first lien senior secured term loans (including unitranche loans) and second lien senior secured term loans, with the balance of our investments expected to be in higher-yielding assets such as mezzanine debt, and unsecured debt, some of which we expect will be publicly traded, as well as equity investments and other opportunistic asset purchases, including, without limitation, common stock, preferred stock, warrants and options . We expect most of our debt investments will either not be rated or, if rated, will carry a rating below investment grade by a nationally recognized statistical rating organization (rated lower than &quot;Baa3&quot; by Moody's or lower than &quot;BBB-&quot; by S&P ) . There is no limit on the maturity or duration of any security we may hold in our portfolio. Loans and securities purchased in the secondary market will generally have shorter remaining terms to maturity than newly issued investments. The investment approach of the TP Private Credit Team is to target businesses with solid credit fundamentals and high cash flow conversion, which the TP Private Credit Team believes often lead to better investment performance prospects through the credit cycle. The TP Private Credit Team's investment approach is designed to take advantage of the insights and network of relationships of Third Point and the TP Private Credit Team in private credit markets. Potential investment opportunities will be evaluated by the TP Private Credit Team on a case-by-case basis. Subject to the limitations of the 1940 Act, we may invest in loans or other securities, the proceeds of which may refinance or otherwise repay debt or securities of companies whose debt is owned by other Third Point Funds. From time to time, we may co-invest with other Third Point Funds, subject to limitations imposed on transactions with affiliates under the 1940 Act. We are concurrently filing an application with the SEC seeking an exemptive order in order to co-invest with other funds and investment vehicles managed by the Adviser or its affiliates, such as the Third Point Funds, or alongside the Adviser or its affiliates in a principal capacity, in a manner consistent with our investment objective, positions, policies, strategies and restrictions as well as regulatory requirements and other pertinent factors. See &quot; &mdash;Regulation as a Business Development Company. &quot; As a BDC, we generally must invest at least 70% of our assets in &quot;qualifying assets,&quot; which typically will include investments in &quot;eligible portfolio companies.&quot; Under the relevant SEC rules, the term &quot;eligible portfolio company&quot; includes all U.S. private operating companies and small U.S. public operating companies with a market capitalization of less than $250 million. See &quot; &mdash;Qualifying Assets .&quot; We expect to use leverage as market conditions permit and at the discretion of the Adviser, including to seek to enhance our returns, but in no event will leverage employed exceed the limitations set forth in the 1940 Act. We intend to take steps prior to filing our election to be regulated as a BDC that will permit us to utilize leverage so long as we have an asset coverage ratio of at least 150%, which equates to approximately a 2:1 debt to equity ratio, after we incur any additional indebtedness ( i.e. , the amount of debt may not exceed two times the value of our assets), and we may be prohibited from taking certain actions if that requirement is not met. Our sources of leverage may include borrowings, including loans from financial institutions and the issuance of debt securities, and a subscription credit facility secured by our right, title and interest in and to the capital commitments (each, a &quot; Capital Commitment &quot;) of our investors, which may be used for various purposes including, without limitation, facilitating timely and efficient drawdowns of Capital Commitments and providing funding necessary for any tender offer for our Shares in connection with any share repurchase program that may be approved by the Board. We may also use leverage in the form of the issuance of preferred shares, but do not currently intend to do so. In determining whether to borrow money, we will analyze the maturity, covenant package and rate structure of the proposed borrowings as well as the risks of such borrowings compared to our investment outlook. Any such leverage, if incurred, would be expected to increase our total capital available for investment. Market Opportunity We believe the environment for investing in private credit opportunities, and direct lending in particular, is attractive for several reasons, including: 6 Dislocation of Traditional Financing Sources . In an environment where increased regulation has disrupted certain traditional financing options for middle-market borrowers, we believe that recent banking disruptions will only further the potential for increased regulation, making it more challenging for this segment to access traditional financing. Additionally, we believe that an impending maturity wall of approximately $4 trillion in middle market debt over next five years will outpace existing lending supply and drive demand for alternative credit solutions. We also believe that substantial dry powder and pent-up transaction demand should drive deal activity for U.S. private equity firms and the need for alternative financing solutions. Enhanced Credit Protections . Alternative financing solutions are typically constructed with meaningful financial and restrictive covenants to provide capital protections. We believe this approach provides opportunities to better protect against downside risk, while also focusing on more attractive risk-adjusted returns. We also believe the more bespoke nature of direct lending allows greater flexibility for lenders to address issuer or industry-specific risks. Attractive Returns . Middle market private credit and direct lending offers an illiquidity premium, current income and what we believe are attractive risk-adjusted returns for investors, even as rates have increased across the broader credit spectrum. We believe that the risk and illiquidity premium inherent in direct-lending borrowings provides lenders in the private credit space with an advantage from a return profile perspective, assuming a robust underwriting process. Incremental Deployment Opportunities . We will seek incremental deployment opportunities with active buy/build strategies, which require additional capital support and opportunities for deployment into proven, performing loans. We believe this approach will allow us to grow our relative exposure to portfolio companies that we know well, by leveraging our past underwriting and diligence efforts and building lasting relationships with both those portfolio companies and their private equity sponsors. Direct Access to Information Flow. Private credit typically offers monthly financing reporting and direct access to management teams. We believe this informational advantage provides direct lenders like us with better visibility with respect to our portfolio companies than more traditional lenders typically have, while also allowing us to better monitor and react to adverse events within our portfolio in real time. Companies Remain Private Longer. While banks have vacated the middle market, private equity investment in middle market has increased. Generally, the number of U.S. public companies has steadily declined over the past few decades as the number of businesses owned privately, often by private equity firms, has increased. We believe this fundamental shift has contributed to an increase in the addressable market for us to provide private credit facilities to companies with attractive credit profiles. Competitive Advantages Continuity of Experienced Senior Team The senior members of the TP Private Credit Team are Mr. Taylor, Sunil Mehta, Mikhail Faybusovich and Jennifer Cotton who have, on average, over 17 years of experience in direct lending. Mr. Taylor joined Madison Capital Funding LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of New York Life, in January 2005, served as Chief Executive Office from January 2018 through April 1, 2022, and was a voting member of the investment committee beginning in June 2015. Ms. Cotton and Mr. Mehta joined the Madison Capital Funding LLC Investment Committee in June 2015 and April 2020, respectively. Mr. Taylor, Mr. Mehta, and Ms. Cotton have worked together since 2007 and all four members of the TP Private Credit Team have broad investment experience and have worked in various functions of their respective prior firms, including underwriting, portfolio management, deal sourcing, workouts, and executive management. Synergies with the Third Point Platform Third Point was founded in 1995 by Daniel S. Loeb, who has over 30 years of experience in asset management. Third Point is primarily engaged in providing discretionary investment advisory services to a variety of domestic and offshore private investment vehicles, including Third Point's flagship hedge funds, a hedge fund of funds, a structured credit fund, a private real estate fund, several private equity-style funds, and multiple separately managed accounts. Third Point's primary strategy is an opportunistic, event-driven approach that spans across a broad range of industries, geographies, and asset classes. As of the date of this filing, Third Point has approximately $10.7 billion in assets under management, including $5.1 billion across credit strategies, and as of April 30, 2024, had approximately 111 employees, including approximately 42 investment professionals. The Adviser believes it will recognize significant synergies by being a part of the broader Third Point platform and that it can benefit from those synergies in the following ways: Sourcing Investment Opportunities: We believe that the breadth and history of Third Point's platform and its connectivity can help provide the Adviser a competitive advantage in sourcing investment opportunities for us. Third Point has broad experience including with investing at all levels of a company's capital structure, has extensive experience in credit investing and the TP Private Credit Team has worked diligently over many years to build strategic relationships with bulge bracket banks, financial intermediaries, private equity sponsors and other alternative investment firms, trading desks, financial advisers to corporates and existing investors. It has a broad and diverse investor base, which includes family offices, sovereign wealth funds and other sophisticated investors. The Adviser expects that it will be able to leverage these relationships into multiple and varied origination channels to find and execute attractive investment opportunities for us. 7 Underwriting Investment Opportunities: The TP Private Credit Team is centrally located in New York alongside the other investment professionals of the larger Third Point platform. We believe that this proximity allows for a collaborative investment culture and the opportunity for the TP Private Credit Team to have direct access to the broader resources of Third Point, including data analytics, technology, other support functions. Third Point's long-tenured investment process for the rest of its businesses has been anchored around investment themes and deep industry sector knowledge. Subject to Third Point's policies and procedures, including around management of conflicts of interest, the TP Private Credit Team will collaborate with the investment professionals of the larger Third Point platform, which will allow the Adviser to easily access industry knowledge and deep sector experience of Third Point analysts when relevant to a specific investment. Broad Credit Capabilities and Experience: The TP Private Credit Team will typically have direct interaction with Third Point's full credit team, including corporate credit, structured credit, and commercial real estate credit. We believe this collaboration will provide the TP Private Credit Team with a more comprehensive view on the credit markets and the ability to benefit from Third Point's multi-decade history of credit investing. Furthermore, the TP Private Credit Team will be able to utilize Third Point's broader credit investment team to assist in portfolio restructuring situations when they arise. Scaled Non-Investment Experience: In addition, we believe the Adviser will benefit from the broader Third Point platform's dedicated legal and restructuring experience, and its experienced accounting, operational, tax, technology, and compliance resources. The Private Offering Investors in our Initial Private Offering will irrevocably commit to purchase Shares from time to time on or after the date on which we accept such investor's subscription agreement (each, a &quot; Subscription Agreement &quot; and, collectively, the &quot; Subscription Agreements &quot;) for an aggregate purchase price up to such investor's respective Capital Commitment. Shares in the Initial Private Offering will generally only be sold to U.S. persons who are &quot;accredited investors&quot; as defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D under the Securities Act, or to non-U.S. persons outside of the United States in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act. In our sole discretion, we may permit one or more additional closings in connection with the Initial Private Offering, and we may also conduct additional offerings for our Shares from time to time, in connection with which we may enter into subscription agreements with investors that may have terms different from those entered into by the shareholders in the Initial Private Offering. Each investor in the Initial Private Offering will make a Capital Commitment to purchase our Shares pursuant to a Subscription Agreement. During the Commitment Period (as defined below), investors in the Initial Private Offering will be required to make capital contributions to purchase Shares each time we deliver a notice (&quot; Drawdown Notice &quot;) to fund drawdowns of Capital Commitments (&quot; Drawdowns &quot;) in an aggregate amount not to exceed each investor's respective Capital Commitment. We expect to generally deliver Drawdown Notices to investors in the Initial Private Offering at least ten (10) calendar days prior to the initial required funding date (the &quot; Commencement Date &quot;) and generally at least ten (10) calendar days prior to any subsequent required funding date, although we may deliver such Drawdown Notice at least five (5) calendar days prior to the required funding date if we determine that exigent circumstances necessitate a shorter notice period. All purchases will generally be made pro rata, in accordance with an investor's Capital Commitment, at a per-Share price as determined with respect to each issuance by the Board (or any authorized committee of the Board) as of the end of the most recent calendar quarter, or as of any other date that the Board may choose, prior to the date of the applicable Drawdown Notice. The per-Share price for each issuance shall be at least equal to our net asset value per Share, calculated as of a date within 48 hours of the Share issuance, in accordance with the limitations under Section 23 of the 1940 Act. The Board may set the per-Share price above our net asset value per Share based on a variety of factors, including, without limitation, the total amount of our organizational and other expenses. 8 At the earlier of the end of the Commitment Period (as defined below) and the listing of our Shares on a national securities exchange (an &quot; Exchange Listing &quot;), if any, shareholders will be released from any further obligation under their respective Subscription Agreements to fund Drawdowns and purchase additional Shares, subject to certain exceptions. For two years following the end of the Commitment Period and assuming no Exchange Listing has occurred, Shareholders will remain obligated to fund Drawdowns to the extent necessary to (i) pay our expenses, including management fees, amounts that may become due under any of our borrowings or other financings or similar obligations, or indemnity obligations, (ii) complete investments in any transactions for which there are binding written agreements as of the end of the Commitment Period (including investments that are funded in phases), (iii) fund follow-on investments made in existing portfolio companies within two years from the end of the Commitment Period that, in the aggregate, do not exceed 5% of total Capital Commitments, (iv) fund obligations under any Fund guarantee, or (v) as necessary for us to preserve our status as a RIC; provided, that no investor shall be required to subscribe for Shares in excess of its Capital Commitment. The &quot; Commitment Period &quot; for a given investor will continue until the five-year anniversary of the acceptance of such investor's Subscription Agreement. Prior to an Exchange Listing, if any, no investor who participated in the Initial Private Offering will be permitted to sell, assign, transfer or otherwise dispose of (&quot; Transfer &quot;) its Shares or Capital Commitment unless (i) permitted under the applicable Subscription Agreement, (ii) made in accordance with the applicable Subscription Agreement and our Governing Agreements, and (iii) registered under the Securities Act and any other applicable securities laws, or an exemption from such registration is available. For further information regarding shareholder liquidity, including the circumstances under which we may contemplate the potential future implementation of an Exchange Listing, see &quot; &mdash;Shareholder Liquidity &quot; below. A shareholder will be subject to significant adverse consequences in the event that shareholder defaults on its Capital Commitment to us. If a Shareholder defaults, we have the authority to invoke various remedies as provided in the Governing Agreements, including, without limitation, revoking the defaulting shareholder's right to participate in future Drawdowns, requiring the defaulting shareholder to Transfer its Shares to a third party for a price that is less than the net asset value of such Shares, or causing the defaulting shareholder to forfeit its Shares to our other shareholders. Moreover, if one or more shareholders defaults, our other shareholders may be required to contribute their pro rata share of any resultant shortfall in capital as provided in the Subscription Agreement, but in no event would such additional contributions exceed such shareholders' respective Capital Commitments. We may, in our sole discretion, permit one or more additional closings in connection with the Initial Private Offering (together with the Commencement Date, each a &quot; Subsequent Closing &quot;). In addition, we may conduct additional offerings from time to time after the completion of the Initial Private Offering, and may enter into Subscription Agreements with investors in connection with those offerings that may have terms different from those entered into by the investors in the Initial Private Offering, including with respect to the length of Commitment Period and whether subscriptions must be fully funded upon acceptance. Shareholder Liquidity Within five years of the Commencement Date, our Board will consider, but shall not be obligated to consummate, a &quot; Liquidity Event ,&quot; which may include (i) consummating an Exchange Listing, (ii) commencing a general or limited share repurchase program in which each shareholder is given the opportunity to tender Shares at a per-Share price based on our net asset value or other applicable measurement, (iii) a merger or other transaction in which shareholders will receive cash or shares of a listed company, (iv) a sale of all or substantially all of our assets either on a complete portfolio basis or individually to an unaffiliated third party or an affiliate followed by a liquidation or (v) an orderly wind down or liquidation of the Fund. If no Liquidity Event occurs by the ten-year anniversary of the Commencement Date, the Board will consider whether it is appropriate to wind-down the Fund with the net proceeds to be returned to investors as investments are liquidated. Investment Process Sourcing The TP Private Credit Team maintains what we believe are extensive direct sourcing relationships across multiple channels, including directly with management teams of companies, private equity sponsors, investment banks, advisory firms, in addition to several meaningful opportunities through proprietary relationships or direct referrals from investment team members across the broader Third Point platform. The TP Private Credit Team believes in the importance of maintaining a broad network of relationships to create investment opportunities across many industries and channels, and when applicable, utilizing Third Point's deep sector experience to identify attractive investment opportunities in specified industries. Underwriting The TP Private Credit Team has developed an underwriting process predicated on minimizing the risk of principal loss by employing a comprehensive strategy of fundamental credit analysis, broad credit selection, and partnering with experienced private equity owners and management teams. The fundamental credit analysis is based on a what we believe is a highly diligent and thorough process to select credit investments with the following characteristics: &middot; Strong value proposition and market leadership 9 &middot; Strong free cash flow generation &middot; Long and stable operating history &middot; Diverse and recurring revenue streams &middot; Diverse customer and supplier bases &middot; Limited capital requirements &middot; Less cyclical demand drivers &middot; Low technological and substitution risk As part of the underwriting process, the TP Private Credit Team will be creating financing structures that include meaningful financial covenants, which is intended to allow the TP Private Credit Team to address issues quicky if underlying financial performance deteriorates. Financial modeling and analysis will focus on the borrower's ability to generate sufficient cash flow to service debt and fund operations through business and economic cycles and to minimize debt impairment in a downside scenario. The TP Private Credit Team aligns with partners that it believes are able and willing to provide operational, strategic, and financial support to underperforming businesses. The investment thesis of the partner or management team must not materially alter or deviate from the core business strategy. New partnerships and relationships are discussed and deliberated by the Investment Committee. The TP Private Credit Team will also leverage Third Point's history of constructive engagement with management to provide insights and thought leadership to partners and business owners. Portfolio Management The TP Private Credit Team will utilize a combination of technology, disciplined processes, and experience to provide high-touch oversight and reporting of the portfolio for the benefit of investors, counterparties, and management. The TP Private Credit Team has developed an active approach to portfolio management and oversight, which includes: &middot; Performing credits will be tracked monthly, with formal reviews conducted quarterly &middot; Underperforming credits will be discussed more frequently (weekly/monthly) to assess new developments and alter strategy as needed to maximize value &middot; Defined credit policies and escalation procedures will be implemented to provide guidance and structure to the portfolio management process The TP Private Credit Team will utilize Third Point's robust, existing technology infrastructure and back/middle office operations to ensure timely and accurate compliance reporting to all counterparties. The Adviser will also benefit from Third Point's dedicated focus on technology augmentation to remain innovative around portfolio and collateral reporting, management reporting tools, all to enable scalability and operating efficiencies. The TP Private Credit Team will also have access to Third Point's robust proprietary data sources and use of expert networks to enhance underwriting and portfolio management. Investment Advisory Agreement We are externally managed by the Adviser pursuant to the terms of the Investment Advisory Agreement. Pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement, the Adviser is responsible for our overall management and affairs, and has full discretion to invest our assets in a manner consistent with our investment objective. Under the Investment Advisory Agreement, we pay the Adviser (i) a Management Fee (as defined below) and (ii) an Incentive Fee (as defined below) as compensation for the investment advisory and management services it provides to us thereunder. The fees that are payable under the Investment Advisory Agreement for any partial period will be appropriately prorated. Management Fee We will pay the Adviser a quarterly asset-based fee (the &quot; Management Fee &quot;) for management services in an amount equal to an annual rate of 1.25% of the greater of: (A) the average of our aggregate Capital Commitments as of the end of the applicable calendar quarter and the end of the immediately preceding calendar quarter, and (B) the average of the value of our gross assets (excluding cash and cash equivalents but including assets purchased with borrowed funds) as of the end of the applicable calendar quarter and the end of the immediately preceding calendar quarter, payable quarterly in arrears. The Management Fee for any partial quarter will be appropriately prorated and adjusted for any Share issuances or repurchases during the relevant calendar months or quarters, as the case may be. 10 Incentive Fee We will pay the Adviser an incentive fee (&quot; Incentive Fee &quot;) as set forth below. The Incentive Fee will consist of two parts. The first part (the &quot; Investment Income Incentive Fee &quot;) will be calculated and payable on a quarterly basis, in arrears, and will equal 15.0% of &quot;pre-Incentive Fee net investment income&quot; (as defined below) for the immediately preceding calendar quarter, subject to a quarterly preferred return of 1.5% ( i.e. , 6.0% annualized) (the &quot; Hurdle Rate &quot;) measured on a quarterly basis with a &quot;catch-up&quot; feature. The Investment Income Incentive Fee will also be payable upon termination of the Investment Advisory Agreement. The calculation of the Investment Income Incentive Fee for any partial quarter will be appropriately prorated and adjusted for any Share issuances or repurchases during the relevant calendar months or quarters, as the case may be. For purposes of calculating the Investment Income Incentive Fee, &quot; pre-Incentive Fee net investment income &quot; means interest income, dividend income and any other income accrued during the calendar quarter, minus operating expenses for the quarter, including the Management Fee, expenses payable to the Administrator under the Administration Agreement, any interest expense and distributions paid on any issued and outstanding preferred shares, but excluding (x) the Incentive Fee and (y) any realized capital gains, realized capital losses or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation. Pre-Incentive Fee net investment income includes, in the case of investments with a deferred interest feature (such as debt instruments with payment-in-kind (&quot; PIK &quot;) interest and zero-coupon securities), accrued income that we have not yet received in cash. The Adviser is not obligated to return to us the Incentive Fee it receives on PIK interest that is later determined to be uncollectible in cash. We will pay to the Adviser the Investment Income Incentive Fee quarterly in arrears with respect to its pre-Incentive Fee net investment income in each calendar quarter as follows: &middot; no Investment Income Incentive Fee in any calendar quarter in which our pre-Incentive Fee net investment income does not exceed the Hurdle Rate; &middot; 100% of pre-Incentive Fee net investment income with respect to that portion of such pre-Incentive Fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds the Hurdle Rate but is less than 1.765% in any calendar quarter (7.059% annualized). This portion of the pre-Incentive Fee net investment income (which exceeds the Hurdle Rate but is less than 1.765%) is referred to as the &quot;catch-up.&quot; The &quot;catch-up&quot; is meant to provide the Adviser with approximately 15.0% of our pre-Incentive Fee net investment income as if a Hurdle Rate did not apply if pre-Incentive Fee net investment income exceeds 1.765% in any calendar quarter; and &middot; 15.0% of the pre-Incentive Fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds 1.765% in any calendar quarter (7.059% annualized), which reflects that once the Hurdle Rate is reached and the catch-up is achieved, 15.0% of all pre-Incentive Fee net investment income is paid to the Adviser. A graphical depiction of the Investment Income Incentive Fee is below: Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income (expressed as a percentage of the value of net assets per quarter) A rise in the general level of interest rates can be expected to lead to a change in the interest rate we receive on many of our debt investments. Accordingly, an increase in the general level of interest rates could make it easier for us to meet or exceed the quarterly performance threshold and may result in a substantial increase in the amount of Investment Income Incentive Fee payable to the Adviser. Because of the structure of the Investment Income Incentive Fee, it is possible that we may pay an Investment Income Incentive Fee in a calendar quarter in which we incur a net loss. For example, if we earn pre-Incentive Fee net investment income in excess of the quarterly preferred return, we will pay the applicable Investment Income Incentive Fee even if we have incurred a loss in that calendar quarter due to realized and unrealized capital losses. The second part (the &quot; Capital Gains Incentive Fee &quot;) will be an annual fee that will be determined and payable, in arrears, as of the end of each calendar year (or upon termination of the Investment Advisory Agreement) in an amount equal to 15.0% of realized capital gains, if any, determined on a cumulative basis from the Commencement Date through the end of such calendar year (or upon termination of the Investment Advisory Agreement), computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation on a cumulative basis from inception through the end of such calendar year (or upon termination of the Investment Advisory Agreement), less the aggregate amount of any previously paid Capital Gains Incentive Fees. We will accrue, but will not pay, a Capital Gains Incentive Fee with respect to unrealized appreciation because a Capital Gains Incentive Fee would be owed to the Adviser if we were to sell the relevant investment and realize a capital gain. For the purpose of computing the Capital Gains Incentive Fees, the calculation methodology will look through derivative financial instruments or swaps as if we owned the reference assets directly. Numerical examples of the application of the Incentive Fee are set forth below. 11 Examples of Quarterly Incentive Fee Calculation Example 1: Income Related Portion of Incentive Fee( 1 ): Income Related Portion of Incentive Fee( 1 ): Alternative 1 Assumptions &middot; Investment income (including interest, dividends, fees, etc.) = 1.25% &middot; Hurdle Rate (2) = 1.5% &middot; Management Fee (3) = 0.3125% &middot; Other expenses (legal, accounting, custodian, transfer agent, etc.) (4) = 0.175% &middot; Pre-incentive fee net investment income (investment income&thinsp;-&thinsp;(Management Fee + other expenses)) = 0.7625% Pre-incentive net investment income does not exceed the Hurdle Rate, therefore there is no incentive fee. Alternative 2 Assumptions &middot; Investment income (including interest, dividends, fees, etc.) = 2.19% &middot; Hurdle Rate (2) = 1.5% &middot; Management Fee (3) = 0.3125% &middot; Other expenses (legal, accounting, custodian, transfer agent, etc.) (4) = 0.175% &middot; Pre-incentive fee net investment income (investment income&thinsp;-&thinsp;(Management Fee + other expenses)) = 1.7025% which exceeds the Hurdle Rate. Incentive fee = 15% &times; pre-incentive fee net investment income, subject to the &quot;catch-up&quot; (5) = 100% &times; (1.7025%&thinsp;-&thinsp;1.5%) = 0.2025% Alternative 3 Assumptions &middot; Investment income (including interest, dividends, fees, etc.) = 3.5% &middot; Hurdle Rate (2) = 1.5% &middot; Management Fee (3) = 0.3125% &middot; Other expenses (legal, accounting, custodian, transfer agent, etc.) (4) = 0.175% &middot; Pre-incentive fee net investment income (investment income&thinsp;-&thinsp;(Management Fee + other expenses)) = 3.0125% Incentive fee = 15% &times; pre-incentive fee net investment income, subject to &quot;catch-up&quot; (5) = 100% &times; &quot;catch-up&quot; + (15% &times; (pre-incentive fee net investment income&thinsp;-&thinsp;1.765%)) Catch-up = 1.765%&thinsp;-&thinsp;1.5% = 0.265% Incentive fee = (100% &times; 0.265%) + (15% &times; (3.0125%&thinsp;-&thinsp;1.765%)) = 0.265% + (15% &times; 1.2475%) = 0.265% + 0.1872% = 0.4519% 1 The hypothetical amounts of returns shown are based on a percentage of our total net assets and assume no leverage. There is no guarantee that positive returns will be realized, and actual returns may vary from those shown in the following examples. 2 Represents 6.0% annualized Hurdle Rate. 3 Represents 1.25% annualized Management Fee. 4 Excludes organizational and offering expenses. 5 The "catch-up" provision is intended to provide our Adviser with an incentive fee of 15% on all of our pre-incentive fee net investment income as if a Hurdle Rate did not apply when our net investment income exceeds 1.765% in any calendar quarter. 12 Example 2: Capital Gains Portion of Incentive Fee: Alternative 1 Assumptions &middot; Year 1: $20 million investment made in Company A (&quot;Investment A&quot;), and $30 million investment made in Company B (&quot;Investment B&quot;) &middot; Year 2: Investment A sold for $50 million and fair market value (&quot; FMV &quot;) of Investment B determined to be $30 million &middot; Year 3: FMV of Investment B determined to be $25 million &middot; Year 4: Investment B sold for $31 million The capital gains portion of the incentive fee, if any, would be: &middot; Year 1: None &middot; Year 2: $4.5 million capital gains incentive fee $30 million realized capital gains on sale of Investment A multiplied by 15.0% &middot; Year 3: None $3.75 million cumulative fee (15.0% multiplied by $25 million ($30 million cumulative realized capital gains less $5 million cumulative capital depreciation)) less $4.5 million (previous capital gains fee paid in Year 2) &middot; Year 4: $0.15 million capital gains incentive fee $4.65 million cumulative fee ($31 million cumulative realized capital gains multiplied by 15.0%) less $4.5 million (previous capital gains fee paid in Year 2) Alternative 2 Assumptions &middot; Year 1: $20 million investment made in Company A (&quot;Investment A&quot;), $30 million investment made in Company B (&quot;Investment B&quot;) and $25 million investment made in Company C (&quot;Investment C&quot;) &middot; Year 2: Investment A sold for $50 million, FMV of Investment B determined to be $25 million and FMV of Investment C determined to be $25 million &middot; Year 3: FMV of Investment B determined to be $27 million and Investment C sold for $30 million &middot; Year 4: FMV of Investment B determined to be $35 million &middot; Year 5: Investment B sold for $20 million The capital gains portion of the incentive fee, if any, would be: &middot; Year 1: None &middot; Year 2: $3.75 million capital gains incentive fee 15.0% multiplied by $25 million ($30 million realized capital gains on sale of Investment A less $5 million unrealized capital depreciation on Investment B) &middot; Year 3: $1.05 million capital gains incentive fee $4.8 million cumulative fee (15.0% multiplied by $32 million ($35 million cumulative realized capital gains less $3 million unrealized capital depreciation)) less $3.75 million (previous capital gains fee paid in Year 2) &middot; Year 4: $0.45 million capital gains incentive fee, calculated as follows: $5.25 million cumulative fee (15.0% multiplied by $35 million cumulative realized capital gains) less $4.8 million (previous cumulative capital gains fees paid in Year 2 and Year 3) &middot; Year 5: None $3.75 million cumulative fee (15.0% multiplied by $25 million ($35 million cumulative realized capital gains less $10 million realized capital losses)) less $5.25 million (previous Cumulative Capital Gains fee paid in Year 2, 3 and Year 4) 13 Expenses We will reimburse the Administrator for any costs and expenses it may incur on our behalf in connection with providing facilities and administrative services to us, including our allocable portion of the compensation of any administrative personnel who provide services to us, plus overhead (including rent, office equipment and utilities) and other expenses incurred by the Administrator in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement. In addition, we will reimburse the Administrator for the fees and expenses associated with performing compliance functions, and our allocable portion of the compensation of certain of our officers, including our Chief Financial Officer, Chief Compliance Officer and any administrative support staff. Our allocable portion of overhead will be determined by the Administrator, which expects to use various methodologies, including, without limitation, allocation based on the percentage of time certain individuals devote, on an estimated basis, to our business and affairs, or other applicable financial metrics, such as our assets under management or net asset value relative to those of other clients of the Adviser or Third Point, and will be subject to oversight by the Board. We expect that the Administrator will arrange for the engagement of State Street Bank and Trust Company, which is not an affiliate of the Fund or the Adviser, to provide us with certain fund accounting and administrative services. Any sub-administrator will be compensated separately for performing sub-administrative services under the terms of a sub-administration agreement. Our primary operating expenses include the payment of fees to the Adviser under the Investment Advisory Agreement, our allocable portion of overhead expenses under the Administration Agreement, and all other costs and expenses relating to our operations and transactions, including: operational and organizational costs; the cost of calculating our net asset value, including the cost and expenses of third-party valuation services; fees and expenses payable to third parties relating to evaluating, negotiating, making and disposing of investments, including the Adviser's or its affiliates' travel expenses, research costs and out-of-pocket fees and expenses associated with performing due diligence and reviews and risk analyses of prospective investments, monitoring investments and, if necessary, enforcing our rights; the fees and expenses relating to the development, licensing, implementation, installation, servicing and maintenance of, and consulting with respect to computer software, technology and information technology systems used in connection with the management of our investments including, without limitation, costs and expenses of technology service providers and related software, hardware and subscription-based services utilized in connection with our investment and operational activities, including but not limited to, the origination and monitoring of investments; expenses related to the maintenance of registered offices and corporate licensing; corporate licensing and other professional fees (including, without limitation, expenses of consultants and other experts, including, but not limited to, consulting fees for, and other amounts payable to, senior or special advisers, certain other advisers, operating partners and other similar professionals incurred by a client for the benefit of such client or such client's investments or portfolio companies); bank service fees; withholding and transfer fees; loan administration costs; costs incurred in connection with trademarks or other intellectual property; interest payable on debt and other borrowing costs, if any, incurred to finance our investments; costs of effecting sales and repurchases of our Shares and other securities; distributions on our Shares; transfer agent and custody fees and expenses, including, without limitation, the costs, fees and expenses associated with the opening, maintaining and closing of bank accounts, custodial accounts and accounts with brokers on our behalf (including the customary fees and charges applicable to transactions in such broker accounts); the allocated costs incurred by the Administrator in providing managerial assistance to those portfolio companies that request it, including, without limitation, any compensation paid to individuals considered for nomination, nominated and/or appointed, and the Adviser's request, to the board or credit committee of a portfolio company, and any costs incurred in connection with recruiting directors or members to serve on the board or credit committee of a portfolio company, public relations experts, &quot;white papers,&quot; lobbying organizations to the extent reasonably determined by the Adviser to be employed in connection with our prospective investments, and public presentations; other expenses incurred by the Administrator, the Adviser or by us in connection with administering our business, including payments made to third party providers of goods or services; brokerage fees and commissions and similar expenses necessary for us to receive, buy, sell, exchange, trade and otherwise deal in and with securities or other assets (including, where applicable, expenses relating to spreads, short dividends, negative rebates, financing charges, and currency hedging costs); sourcing or finder's fees; costs and expenses of distributing and placing interests in the Shares; federal, state and foreign registration fees (which can arise, for example, if a local jurisdiction requires a license or other registration to do business); U.S. federal, state and local taxes; Independent Trustees' fees and expenses; costs associated with our reporting, legal, regulatory and compliance obligations, including, without limitation, under the 1940 Act and applicable U.S. federal, state, local, or other laws and regulations; costs of any reports, proxy statements or other notices or communications to shareholders, including, without limitation, printing costs, costs of technology licensing and maintenance of the website for the benefit of shareholders and any shareholder portal (including any database or other forum hosted on a website designated by us) or due diligence platform; costs and expenses in connection with monitoring (including with respect to environmental, social and governance, cybersecurity, anti-corruption and similar functions), complying with and performing any provisions in agreement with investors; anti-money laundering and sanctions monitoring expenses; costs of holding shareholder meetings and meetings of the Board, including, without limitation, legal, travel, lodging and meal expenses; board fees of the Board; the costs of obtaining and maintaining our fidelity bond and any other required fidelity bonding; trustees and officers' errors and omissions and other liability insurance, and any other insurance expenses; costs associated with obtaining an order for SEC co-investment exemptive relief; litigation, indemnification and other non-recurring or extraordinary expenses (whether actual, pending or threatened) or any costs arising therefrom, and any judgments, fines, remediations or settlements paid in connection therewith; fees, costs and expenses related to any governmental inquiry, investigation or proceeding directly or indirectly involving or otherwise applicable to us, the Adviser or any of our respective affiliates in connection with our activities or any investment; direct and indirect costs and expenses of administration and operation, including printing, mailing, reporting, publishing, long distance telephone, staff, accounting, audit, compliance, tax and legal costs; accounting, audit and tax advice and preparation expenses (including preparation costs of financial statements, tax returns and reports to investors); fees and expenses associated with marketing efforts (including, but not limited to, reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Adviser and its affiliates in attending meetings with shareholders or prospective shareholders); dues, fees and charges of any trade association of which we are a member; the costs of any private or public offerings of the Shares and other securities, including registration and listing fees, if any, and any other filing and registration fees; other expenses related to the purchase, monitoring, syndication of co-investments, sale, settlement, custody or transmittal of our assets (directly or through financing alternative investment subsidiaries or trading subsidiaries which we may from time to time establish); wind-up and liquidation expenses; and all other expenses reasonably incurred by us or the Administrator in connection with administering our business (including payments made to third-party providers of goods or services) and not required to be borne by the Adviser or another service provider pursuant to an agreement with us. 14 Investment-related expenses with respect to investments in which we invest together with one or more parallel funds (or co-investment vehicles) will generally be allocated among all such entities on the basis of capital invested by each such entity into the relevant investment. However, if the Adviser reasonably believes that such allocation method would produce an inequitable result to any such entity, the Adviser may allocate such expenses among such entities in any other manner that the Adviser believes in good faith to be fair and equitable. Distribution Reinvestment Plan We have adopted an &quot;opt out&quot; distribution reinvestment plan (&quot; DRIP &quot;), under which a shareholder's cash distributions would automatically be reinvested under the DRIP in additional whole and fractional shares, unless the shareholder &quot;opts out&quot; of the DRIP, thereby electing to receive cash distributions. Unless an Exchange Listing occurs, we will use newly-issued Shares to implement the DRIP that will be issued at a price per Share equal to the most recent net asset value per Share determined by the Board. A shareholder is free to terminate participation in the DRIP at any time by submitting written instructions to be received by the plan administrator no less than ten business days prior to the record date for the next distribution, which record date will be disclosed to shareholders; otherwise, such termination will be effective only for subsequent distributions. Those shareholders who participate in the DRIP and hold Shares through a broker or other financial intermediary may opt out of the DRIP and receive distributions in cash by notifying their broker or other financial intermediary of their election and investors that participate in the DRIP in a brokerage account may not be able to transfer the Shares to another broker and continue to participate in the DRIP. There is no upfront selling commissions or placement agent fees and any expenses of administering the DRIP will be borne by us. There is no cash purchase plan option and no minimum or maximum investment is required. We may terminate the DRIP with no less than [30 calendar days'] notice prior to any record date to shareholders. The reinvestment of dividends and distributions pursuant to the DRIP will increase our assets on which the Management Fee is payable to the Adviser. Shareholders should contact the plan administrator for further information regarding the DRIP. Shareholders who have cash distributions reinvested in Shares generally will be subject to the same U.S. federal, state and local tax consequences on the distributions as shareholders who elect not to reinvest distributions. Participation in the DRIP will not in any way reduce the amount of a shareholder's then remaining unfunded Capital Commitment, if any. 15 Valuation Procedures We have developed a valuation policy, as well as established and documented processes and methodologies for determining the fair values of portfolio company investments on a recurring quarterly basis in accordance with the 1940 Act and Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures, or &quot; ASC Topic 820 .&quot; ASC Topic 820 establishes a framework for measuring fair value in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles and required disclosures of fair value measurements. Our current valuation policy and procedures were established by the Adviser and were approved by the Board. The Board has designated the Adviser as our valuation designee (the &quot; Valuation Designee &quot;) in accordance with Rule 2a-5 under the 1940 Act. The Board is responsible for oversight of the Valuation Designee. The Valuation Designee has established a valuation committee to determine in good faith the fair value of our investments, generally in consultation with the Valuation Designee's management and personnel and independent valuation firms that are engaged at the direction of the valuation committee to assist in the valuation of certain portfolio investments lacking a readily available market quotation. The Valuation Designee determines fair values pursuant to a valuation policy approved by the Board and pursuant to a consistently applied valuation process. Under ASC Topic 820, we value our investments at fair value which is defined as &quot;the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date.&quot; Any listed securities that we hold, or other instruments whose market price can be derived by a direct reference instrument, will be priced at the last price provided by a nationally recognized exchange, and may be priced with a discount for lack of marketability to the extent such listed securities bear a resale restriction (generally 10% on an annualized basis, though this discount will ultimately be determined by our Valuation Designee in consideration of the facts and circumstances of the applicable security). For instruments whose price can be derived by an indirect reference instrument, the price will generally be determined by the Valuation Designee using Bloomberg Analytics functions or an industry recognized third-party valuation vendor. Where no market price is readily available, the Valuation Designee will determine the valuation of securities in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (&quot; U.S. GAAP &quot;) as discussed below. ASC Topic 820 specifies a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes and ranks the level of observability of inputs used in the determination of fair value. In accordance with ASC Topic 820, these levels are summarized below: &middot; Level 1 : Quoted prices (unadjusted) are available in active markets for identical investments that we have the ability to access as of the reporting date. The type of investments that would generally be included in Level 1 include listed equity securities and listed derivatives. To the extent that we hold such investments, we do not adjust the quoted price for these investments, even in situations where we hold a large position and a sale could reasonably impact the quoted price. &middot; Level 2: Pricing inputs are observable for the investments, either directly or indirectly, as of the reporting date, but are not the same as those used in Level 1. Fair value is determined through the use of models or other valuation methodologies. The types of investments which would be included in this category include publicly traded securities with certain restrictions on disposition. &middot; Level 3: Pricing inputs are unobservable for the investment and include situations where there is little, if any, market activity for the investment. The inputs into the determination of fair value require significant judgment or estimation by the Adviser. The types of investments that would generally be included in this category include unlisted debt and equity securities issued by private entities. A financial instrument is categorized within the ASC Topic 820 valuation hierarchy based upon the lowest level of input to the valuation process that is significant to the fair value measurement. For example, a Level 3 fair value measurement may include inputs that are observable (Levels 1 and 2) and unobservable (Level 3). Therefore, unrealized appreciation and depreciation related to such investments categorized as Level 3 investments may include changes in fair value that are attributable to both observable inputs (Levels 1 and 2) and unobservable inputs (Level 3). Transfers between levels, if any, will be recognized at the beginning of the quarter in which the transfer occurred. Our investment portfolio will include certain debt and equity instruments of privately held companies for which quoted prices or other inputs falling within the categories of Level 1 and Level 2 are generally not available. In such cases, the Valuation Designee determines the fair value of our investments in good faith primarily using Level 3 inputs. In certain cases, quoted prices or other observable inputs exist, and if so, the Valuation Designee assesses the appropriateness of the use of these third-party quotes in determining fair value based on (i) the Valuation Designee's understanding of the level of actual transactions used by the broker to develop the quote and whether the quote was an indicative price or binding offer and (ii) the depth and consistency of broker quotes and the correlation of changes in broker quotes with underlying performance of the portfolio company. 16 There is no single standard for determining fair value in good faith, as fair value depends upon the specific circumstances of each individual investment. The recorded fair values of our Level 3 investments may differ significantly from fair values that would have been used had an active market for the securities existed. In addition, changes in the market environment and other events that may occur over the life of the investments may cause the gains or losses ultimately realized on these investments to be different than the valuations currently assigned. Investment Valuation Process The Board has designated the Adviser as our Valuation Designee in accordance with Rule 2a-5 under the 1940 Act. Valuations of investments will be approved by the Adviser at the end of each calendar quarter. In instances where there is no readily available market value, our investments will be valued at fair value, which fair value determination will generally be made with the input of the Adviser's valuation committee and an external, independent valuation firm that we retain to review a portion of our portfolio, which review will occur in accordance with our valuation policy. Investments for which market quotations are readily available may be priced by independent pricing services. Our investment portfolio will be recorded at fair value as determined in good faith in accordance with procedures established by the Adviser and, as a result, there is and will be uncertainty as to the value of our portfolio investments. Under the 1940 Act, we are required to carry our portfolio investments at market value or, if there is no readily available market value, at fair value as determined in good faith by the Valuation Designee in accordance with procedures established by the Board. There is not a public market or active secondary market for many of the types of investments in privately held companies that we intend to hold and make. Our investments may not be publicly traded or actively traded on a secondary market but, instead, may be traded on a privately negotiated over-the-counter secondary market for institutional investors, if at all. As a result, these investments will be valued quarterly at fair value as determined in good faith by the Valuation Designee in accordance with valuation policy and procedures approved by the Board. The determination of fair value, and thus the amount of unrealized appreciation or depreciation that we may recognize in any reporting period, is to a degree subjective, and the Adviser has a conflict of interest in making determinations of fair value. It is expected to be necessary in certain circumstances to rely on models or make assumptions regarding various facts and circumstances that cannot be predicted or verified with certainty, particularly when valuing less liquid and hard-to-value investments. Methodologies used to value any investment will involve subjective judgments and projections and the resulting valuations may not be accurate. Valuation methodologies will also involve assumptions and opinions about future events, which may or may not turn out to be correct. The types of factors that may be considered in determining the fair values of our investments include the nature and realizable value of any collateral, the portfolio company's ability to make payments and its earnings, the markets in which the portfolio company does business, comparison to publicly traded companies, discounted cash flow, current market interest rates and other relevant factors. Because such valuations, and particularly valuations of private securities and private companies, are inherently uncertain, the valuations may fluctuate significantly over short periods of time due to changes in current market conditions. The Valuation Designee's valuation committee may supplement or revise its general review of pricing with additional valuation controls to the extent consistent with the valuation policy approved by the Board, which controls may include, without limitation, conducting annual due diligence meetings with selected independent pricing vendors or brokers to assess the quality of pricing sources used, and the performance of backtesting to compare trade prices to month end prices. The determinations of fair value in accordance with procedures established by the Board may differ materially from the values that would have been used if an active market and market quotations existed for such investments. Our net asset value could be adversely affected if the determinations regarding the fair value of the investments were materially higher than the values that we ultimately realize upon the disposal of such investments. Regulation as a Business Development Company A BDC is regulated under the 1940 Act. A BDC must be organized in the United States for the purpose of investing in or lending to primarily private companies and making significant managerial assistance available to them. A BDC may use capital provided by shareholders and from other sources to make long-term, private investments in businesses. A publicly-traded BDC provides shareholders the ability to retain the liquidity of a publicly-traded stock while sharing in the possible benefits, if any, of investing in primarily privately owned companies. We do not currently intend to list our Shares on a stock exchange and we will not be publicly traded. We will only complete an Exchange Listing if and when the Board believes market conditions are appropriate. There can be no guarantee that an Exchange Listing will take place and investors should not rely on an Exchange Listing for liquidity. 17 We intend to elect to be treated as a BDC under the 1940 Act prior to effectiveness of this Registration Statement. As with other companies regulated by the 1940 Act, a BDC must adhere to certain substantive regulatory requirements. The 1940 Act contains prohibitions and restrictions relating to transactions between BDCs and their affiliates (including any investment advisers or sub-advisers), principal underwriters and affiliates of those affiliates or underwriters and requires that a majority of the trustees be Interested Trustees. In addition, the 1940 Act provides that we may not change the nature of our business so as to cease to be, or withdraw our election as a BDC unless authorized by vote of a majority of our outstanding voting securities. A majority of the outstanding voting securities of a company is defined under the 1940 Act as the lesser of: (i) 67% or more of the company's voting securities present at such meeting, if the holders of more than 50% of the outstanding voting securities of such company are present or represented by proxy; or (ii) more than 50% of the outstanding voting securities of such company. We do not anticipate any substantial change in the nature of our business. A majority of our Board must be persons who are Independent Trustees. Additionally, we will be required to provide and maintain a bond issued by a reputable fidelity insurance company. Furthermore, as a BDC, we will be prohibited from protecting any trustee or officer against any liability to us or our shareholders arising from willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of such person's office. As a BDC, we will generally be required to meet an asset coverage ratio, defined under the 1940 Act as the ratio of our total assets (less all liabilities and indebtedness not represented by senior securities) to our outstanding senior securities, of at least 150% after each issuance of senior securities. We may also be prohibited under the 1940 Act from participating in certain transactions with our affiliates without the prior approval of our Independent Trustees and, in some cases, prior approval by the SEC. As a BDC, we will generally be limited in our ability to invest in any portfolio company in which the Adviser, the Third Point Funds or any of their respective affiliates currently has an investment or to make any co-investments with the Adviser, the Third Point Funds or any of their respective affiliates without an exemptive order from the SEC, subject to certain exceptions. We are seeking an exemptive order from the SEC in order to co-invest with other funds and investment vehicles managed by the Adviser or its affiliates, such as the Third Point Funds, or alongside the Adviser or its affiliates in a principal capacity, in a manner consistent with our investment objective, positions, policies, strategies and restrictions as well as regulatory requirements and other pertinent factors. We do not intend to acquire securities issued by any investment company that exceed the limits imposed by the 1940 Act. Under these limits, except for registered money market funds, we generally cannot (i) acquire more than 3% of the total outstanding voting shares of any investment company, (ii) invest more than 5% of the value of our total assets in the securities of one investment company, or (iii) invest more than 10% of the value of our total assets in the securities of investment companies in the aggregate. The portion of our portfolio invested in securities issued by investment companies ordinarily will subject shareholders to additional expenses. Our investment portfolio is also subject to diversification requirements by virtue of our intention to be a RIC for U.S. tax purposes. None of our policies described above are fundamental and each such policy may be changed without shareholder approval, subject to any limitations imposed by the 1940 Act. We will generally not be able to issue and sell the Shares at a price below net asset value per share. We may, however, sell Shares, or warrants, options or rights to acquire Shares, at a price below the then-current net asset value of the Shares if our Board determines that such sale is in our best interests and the best interests of shareholders, and shareholders approve such sale. In addition, we may generally issue new Shares at a price below net asset value in rights offerings to existing shareholders, in payment of distributions and in certain other limited circumstances. Private funds that are excluded from the definition of &quot;investment company&quot; pursuant to either Section 3(c)(1) or 3(c)(7) of the 1940 Act are also subject to certain of the limits under the 1940 Act noted above. Specifically, such private funds generally may not acquire directly or through a controlled entity more than 3% of our total outstanding voting stock (measured at the time of the acquisition). As a result, such private funds would be required to hold a smaller position in our stock than if they were not subject to this restriction. Qualifying Assets We may invest up to 30% of our portfolio opportunistically in non-eligible portfolio company investments, which will be driven primarily through opportunities sourced through the Adviser. However, under the 1940 Act, a BDC may not acquire any asset other than assets of the type listed in Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act, which are referred to as &quot;qualifying assets,&quot; unless, at the time the acquisition is made, qualifying assets represent at least 70% of the BDC's total assets. The principal categories of qualifying assets relevant to our proposed business are any of the following: 18 (1) Securities purchased in transactions not involving any public offering from the issuer of such securities, which issuer (subject to certain limited exceptions) is an eligible portfolio company, or from any person who is, or has been during the preceding thirteen (13) months, an affiliated person of an eligible portfolio company, or from any other person, subject to such rules as may be prescribed by the SEC. An eligible portfolio company is defined in the 1940 Act as any issuer which: a. is organized under the laws of, and has its principal place of business in, the United States; b. is not an investment company (other than a small business investment company wholly owned by the BDC) or a company that would be an investment company but for certain exclusions under the 1940 Act; and c. satisfies any of the following: i. does not have any class of securities that is traded on a national securities exchange; ii. has a class of securities listed on a national securities exchange, but has an aggregate market value of outstanding voting and non-voting common equity of less than $250 million; iii. is controlled by a BDC or a group of companies including a BDC and the BDC has an affiliated person who is a trustee of the eligible portfolio company; or iv. is a small and solvent company having total assets of not more than $4 million and capital and surplus of not less than $2 million. (2) Securities of any eligible portfolio company which we control. (3) Securities purchased in a private transaction from a U.S. issuer that is not an investment company or from an affiliated person of the issuer, or in transactions incident thereto, if the issuer is in bankruptcy and subject to reorganization or if the issuer, immediately prior to the purchase of its securities, was unable to meet its obligations as they came due without material assistance other than conventional lending or financing arrangements. (4) Securities of an eligible portfolio company purchased from any person in a private transaction if there is no ready market for such securities and we already own 60% of the outstanding equity of the eligible portfolio company. (5) Securities received in exchange for or distributed on or with respect to securities described in (1) through (4) above, or pursuant to the exercise of warrants or rights relating to such securities. (6) Cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities or debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment. Managerial Assistance to Portfolio Companies A BDC must have been organized under the laws of, and have its principal place of business in, any state or states within the United States and must be operated for the purpose of making investments in the types of securities described in (1), (2) or (3) of the &quot; Qualifying Assets &quot; section above. However, in order to count portfolio securities as qualifying assets for the purpose of the 70% test, the BDC must either control the issuer of the securities or must offer to make available to the issuer of the securities (other than small and solvent companies described above) significant managerial assistance; except that, where the BDC purchases such securities in conjunction with one or more other persons acting together, one of the other persons in the group may make available such managerial assistance. Making available managerial assistance means, among other things, any arrangement whereby the BDC, through its trustees or officers, offers to provide, and, if accepted, does so provide, significant guidance and counsel concerning the management, operations or business objectives and policies of a portfolio company. Temporary Investments We generally expect to call capital for investment purposes only at the time we identify an investment opportunity, and we may call capital from time to time if necessary to pay expenses. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we expect to deploy all proceeds from each Drawdown for investment purposes or to pay expenses within three months of drawing down such capital. Until such time as we invest the proceeds of such Drawdowns in portfolio companies and while new investments are pending, our investments may consist of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities or debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment, referred to herein, collectively, as &quot;temporary investments,&quot; so that 70% of our assets are qualifying assets. Typically, we will invest in U.S. Treasury bills or in repurchase agreements, provided that such agreements are fully collateralized by cash or securities issued by the U.S. government or its agencies. A repurchase agreement involves the purchase by an investor, such as us, of a specified security and the simultaneous agreement by the seller to repurchase it at an agreed-upon future date and at a price which is greater than the purchase price by an amount that reflects an agreed-upon interest rate. There is no percentage restriction on the proportion of our assets that may be invested in such repurchase agreements. However, if more than 25% of our net assets constitute repurchase agreements from a single counterparty, we may not meet the Diversification Tests (as defined below) in order to qualify as a RIC. Thus, we do not intend to enter into repurchase agreements with a single counterparty in excess of this limit. Our Adviser will monitor the creditworthiness of the counterparties with which we enter into repurchase agreement transactions. 19 Code of Ethics We and the Adviser have each adopted a code of ethics pursuant to Rule 17j-1 under the 1940 Act and Rule 204A-1 under the Advisers Act, respectively, that establishes procedures for personal investments and restricts certain transactions by our personnel. Compliance Policies and Procedures Prior to acceptance of any subscriptions in the Initial Private Offering, we and the Adviser will have adopted and implemented written policies and procedures reasonably designed to detect and prevent violation of the federal securities laws and will be required to review these compliance policies and procedures annually for their adequacy and the effectiveness of their implementation and designate a Chief Compliance Officer to be responsible for administering the policies and procedures. Jana Tsilman currently serves as our Chief Compliance Officer. Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the &quot; Sarbanes-Oxley Act &quot;) imposes a wide variety of regulatory requirements on publicly-held companies and their insiders. Many of these requirements will affect us. For example: &middot; pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Exchange Act, our President and Chief Financial Officer must certify the accuracy of the financial statements contained in our periodic reports; &middot; pursuant to Item 307 of Regulation S-K, our periodic reports must disclose our conclusions about the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures; &middot; pursuant to Rule 13a-15 of the Exchange Act, our management must prepare an annual report regarding its assessment of our internal control over financial reporting and (once we cease to be an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act or, if later, for the year following our first annual report required to be filed with the SEC) must obtain an audit of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting performed by our independent registered public accounting firm; and &middot; pursuant to Item 308 of Regulation S-K and Rule 13a-15 of the Exchange Act, our periodic reports must disclose whether there were significant changes in our internal controls over financial reporting or in other factors that could significantly affect these controls subsequent to the date of their evaluation, including any corrective actions with regard to significant deficiencies and material weaknesses. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires us to review our current policies and procedures to determine whether we comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder. We will continue to monitor its compliance with all regulations that are adopted under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and will take actions necessary to ensure that we are in compliance therewith. Compliance with the JOBS Act We currently are, and following the completion of the Initial Private Offering expect to remain, an &quot;emerging growth company,&quot; as defined in the JOBS Act until the earliest of: &middot; up to five years measured from the date of the first sale of common equity securities pursuant to an effective registration statement; &middot; the last day of the first fiscal year in which our annual gross revenues are $1.235 billion or more; &middot; the date on which we have issued more than $1 billion in non-convertible debt during the preceding three-year period; and &middot; the date that we become a &quot;large accelerated filer&quot; as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act, which would occur if the market value of the Shares that are held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of any June 30. Under the JOBS Act, we are exempt from the provisions of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which would require that our independent registered public accounting firm provide an attestation report on the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting. As long as we remain an emerging growth company, we intend to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies, including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. This may increase the risk that material weaknesses or other deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting go undetected. 20 In addition, Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act and Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act, as amended by Section 102(b) of the JOBS Act, provide that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards. We currently intend to take advantage of such extended transition periods. U.S. Investment Advisers Act of 1940 The Adviser is registered as an investment adviser under the Advisers Act. U.S. Securities Act of 1933 The offer and sale of our Shares will not be registered under the Securities Act, in reliance upon the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2), Regulation D promulgated thereunder, Regulation S or other similar exemptions in the jurisdictions in which Shares are offered and sold. Each purchaser must be (a) an &quot;accredited investor&quot; (as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act) or (b) a person that qualifies as a non-U.S. person for purposes of Regulation S under the Securities Act and will be required to represent, among other customary private placement representations, that it is acquiring its Shares for its own account and for investment purposes only and not with a view to resale or distribution. Other than the registration under the Exchange Act pursuant to the Form 10 Registration Statement, the Shares will not be registered under any other securities laws, including state securities or blue sky laws and non-U.S. securities laws. The Shares may not be transferred or resold (i) except as permitted under the Subscription Agreement, (ii) unless they are registered under the Securities Act and under any other applicable securities laws or an exemption from such registration thereunder is available and (iii) only as permitted by any other relevant laws of any applicable jurisdiction. Anti-Money Laundering Requirements In order to comply with applicable anti-money laundering requirements, an investor must, except as otherwise agreed by the Adviser, represent and warrant in its Subscription Agreement with us, that neither the investor, nor any of its affiliates or beneficial owners (i) appears on the Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List of the Office of Foreign Assets Control (&quot; OFAC &quot;), nor are they otherwise a party with which we are prohibited to deal under the laws of the United States, (ii) appears on the European External Action Service consolidated list of persons, groups and entities subject to EU financial sanctions maintained on behalf of the European Commission, (iii) appears on the Consolidated United Nations Security Council Sanctions List or (iv) is a person identified as a terrorist organization on any other relevant lists maintained by governmental authorities. The investor must also represent and warrant that: (i) if the investor is a natural person, the investor is not a person who is or has been entrusted with prominent public functions, such as Head of State or of government, a senior politician, a senior government, judicial or military official, a senior executive of a state-owned corporation or an important political party official, or a close family member or close associate of such person and (ii) the monies used to fund the investment in the Shares are not derived from, invested for the benefit of or related in any way to, the governments of, or persons within, any country that (a) is under a U.S. embargo enforced by OFAC, (b) has been designated as a &quot;non-cooperative country or territory&quot; by the Financial Action Task Force on Money Laundering or (c) has been designated by the U.S. Secretary of the Treasury as a &quot;primary money laundering concern.&quot; The investor must also represent and warrant that the investor: (i) has conducted thorough due diligence with respect to all of its beneficial owners, (ii) has established the identities of all beneficial owners and the source of each of the beneficial owner's funds and (iii) will retain evidence of any such identities, any such source of funds and any such due diligence. The investor must also represent and warrant that it does not know or have any reason to suspect that (i) the monies used to fund the investor's investment in the Shares have been or will be derived from or related to any illegal activities, including but not limited to, money laundering activities and (ii) the proceeds from the investor's investment in Shares will be used to finance any illegal activities. The investor must also represent and warrant that neither the investor, nor any of its affiliates, nor any person having a direct or indirect beneficial interest in the Shares being acquired is (i) a senior foreign political figure (a &quot; SFPF &quot;), (ii) an immediate family member of a SFPF (iii) a close associate of a SFPF, (iv) a politically exposed person (a &quot; PEP &quot;), (v) an immediate family member of a PEP or (vi) a close associate of a PEP (each as defined in the Subscription Agreement). The investor must also represent and warrant that to the extent a beneficial owner is a bank, including a branch, agency or office of a bank, that is not physically located in the United States, that the investor has taken and will take reasonable measures to establish that the bank has a physical presence or is an affiliate of a regulated entity. The investor must also represent and warrant that it has determined that the funds being invested by the investor in us do not come from corruption. The investor must also agree, except as otherwise agreed by the Adviser, that pursuant to anti-money laundering laws and regulations, the Adviser may be required or determine that it is necessary and appropriate to collect documentation verifying the investor's identity and the source of funds used to acquire an interest before, and from time to time after, acceptance by the Adviser of the Subscription Agreement. 21 Bank Holding Company Act The U.S. Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended from time to time, and the rules promulgated thereunder (collectively, the &quot; BHC Act &quot;), including as modified by the Dodd-Frank Act and the &quot;Volcker Rule&quot; thereunder, contain restrictions on certain investors that are (or that have affiliates or certain interest in any entity that is) a bank or a bank-related entity or have a connection to the U.S. in that regard from making and holding certain interests in private investment funds. Our Shares are not freely transferable, are not readily tradable on any exchange or market, and there are generally no redemption or withdrawal rights. As a result, our Shares must be held on a long-term basis and the prospective investor should carefully review and familiarize itself with these rules and regulations and consult with its own counsel on how the Volcker Rule, the Dodd-Frank Act and the BHC Act may impact the investor, including as a result of its investment in us. Proxy Voting Policies and Procedures Upon the effective date of this Registration Statement, we will be subject to the proxy rules in Section 14 of the Exchange Act. We will delegate our proxy voting responsibility to the Adviser. As a fiduciary, the Adviser has a duty to monitor corporate events and to vote proxies, as well as a duty to cast votes in our best interest and not to subrogate our interests to its own. To meet its fiduciary obligations, the Adviser seeks to ensure that it votes proxies in our best interest, and that it addresses how the Adviser will resolve any conflict of interest that may arise when voting proxies. The Adviser's proxy voting policy attempts to generalize a complex subject and the Adviser may, from time to time, determine that it is in our best interests to depart from specific policies described therein. The Adviser's proxy voting policy is reviewed periodically by the Adviser and our Independent Trustees, and, accordingly, is subject to change. The Adviser's proxy voting policy is set forth below. An investment adviser registered under the Advisers Act has a fiduciary duty to act solely in the best interests of its clients. As part of this duty, the Adviser recognizes that it must vote client securities in a timely manner free of conflicts of interest and in the best interests of its clients. These policies and procedures for voting proxies for the Adviser's investment advisory clients are intended to comply with Section 206 of, and Rule 206(4)-6 under, the Advisers Act. The Adviser will vote proxies in the interest of maximizing shareholder value, and ultimately all votes are cast on a case-by-case basis, taking into consideration the contractual obligations under the relevant advisory agreements or comparable documents, and all other relevant facts and circumstances at the time of the vote. Proxy voting decisions which raise a potential conflict of interest will require review by our Chief Compliance Officer in accordance with these policies and procedures, which will include consideration of the nature and degree of any conflict of interest between us and the Adviser or any investment professional or other person recommending how to vote the proxy. It is the Adviser's general policy to vote or give consent on all matters presented to security holders in any proxy, and these policies and procedures have been designed with that in mind. However, the Adviser reserves the right to abstain on any particular vote or otherwise withhold its vote or consent on any matter for various reasons, including if, in the judgment of our Chief Compliance Officer or the relevant investment professional(s), the costs associated with voting such proxy outweigh the benefits to our shareholders or if the circumstances make such an abstention or withholding otherwise advisable and in the best interest of the relevant shareholder(s). Proxy Policies. The Adviser's policies and procedures are reasonably designed to ensure that the Adviser votes proxies in our best interest and addresses how it will resolve any conflict of interest that may arise when voting proxies and, in so doing, to maximize the value of our investments, taking into consideration our investment horizons and other relevant factors. It will review on a case-by-case basis each proposal submitted for a shareholder vote to determine its impact on our portfolio securities held by its clients. Although the Adviser will generally vote against proposals that may have a negative impact on its clients' portfolio securities, it may vote for such a proposal if there exists compelling long-term reasons to do so. Decisions on how to vote a proxy generally are made by the Adviser. The members of the TP Private Credit Team covering the applicable security often have the most intimate knowledge of both a company's operations and the potential impact of a proxy vote's outcome. Decisions are based on a number of factors which may vary depending on a proxy's subject matter, and are guided by the general policies described in the proxy policy. In addition, the Adviser may determine not to vote a proxy after consideration of the vote's expected benefit to clients and the cost of voting the proxy. To ensure that its vote is not the product of a conflict of interest, the Adviser will require the portfolio managers to disclose any personal conflicts of interest they may have with respect to overseeing our investment in a particular company. The Adviser is responsible for overseeing the processing of all proxy notifications. All proxy voting requests received are forwarded to the appropriate contact person at the Adviser that is responsible for monitoring the issuer. The appropriate contact person at the Adviser will communicate the proxy voting decision. The Adviser shall keep a record of its proxy voting policies and procedures, proxy statements received and votes cast, in accordance with its record keeping policies. Third Point is responsible for maintaining records with respect to proxy voting. 22 Privacy Principles We consider privacy to be fundamental to our relationship with our shareholders. We are committed to maintaining the confidentiality, integrity and security of a shareholder's non-public personal information. Accordingly, we have implemented internal policies and procedures to protect the confidentiality of non-public personal information while still meeting investor needs. We will not disclose any non-public personal information about shareholders, except to our affiliates and service providers, as well as for legitimate business purposes as permitted by applicable law or regulation. In the normal course of serving shareholders, information we collect may be shared with companies that perform various services for us, including, but not limited to, our accountants, attorneys, transfer agents, escrow agents, custodians, administrative agents, marketing service firms and other similar relationships. In addition, information we collect may be shared with certain of our portfolio investments or their respective advisers, when necessary, to meet withholding tax requirements or other legal or regulatory obligations or to facilitate transaction-related matters. Any third party that receives non-public personal information is required to use shareholder information only for the purposes for which we disclose the information to them and as allowed by applicable law or regulation. Such third party is not permitted to share or use this information for any other purpose. We do not sell shareholder personal information. Reporting Obligations We will furnish our shareholders with annual reports containing audited financial statements, quarterly reports, and such other periodic reports as we determine to be appropriate or as may be required by law. Upon the effectiveness of this Registration Statement under the Exchange Act, we will be required to comply with all periodic reporting, proxy solicitation and other applicable requirements under the Exchange Act. Shareholders and the public may view materials we file with the SEC on its website (http://www.sec.gov). Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations The following discussion is a general summary of certain material U.S. federal income tax considerations applicable to us and to the acquisition, ownership, and disposition of our Shares. This summary applies only to beneficial owners that acquire our Shares in the Initial Private Offering at the offering price. This discussion does not purport to be a complete description of all of the tax considerations applicable to us and our shareholders. In particular, this discussion does not address certain considerations that may be relevant to certain types of shareholders subject to special treatment under U.S. federal income tax laws, including shareholders subject to the alternative minimum tax, tax-exempt organizations, insurance companies, shareholders that are treated as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes, dealers in securities, taxpayers that are subject to a mark-to-market method of accounting, pension plans and trusts, financial institutions, persons who hold our Shares as part of a straddle or a hedging or conversion transaction, real estate investment trusts (&quot; REITs &quot;), RICs, tax exempt organizations, banks and other financial institutions, U.S. Shareholders (as defined below) whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar, Non-U.S. Shareholders (as defined below) engaged in a trade or business in the United States or that are foreign trusts, Non-U.S. Shareholders that are entitled to claim the benefits of an applicable tax treaty, or individuals that are present in the U.S. for 183 days or more during a taxable year, Non-U.S. Shareholders who were previously U.S. citizens or taxed as residents of the United States, controlled foreign corporations (&quot; CFCs &quot;), and passive foreign investment companies (&quot; PFICs &quot;). This discussion does not discuss any aspects of U.S. estate or gift tax or non-U.S., state or local tax laws nor does it discuss the special treatment under U.S. federal income tax laws that could result if we invest in tax-exempt securities or certain other investment assets. This summary is limited to shareholders that hold our Shares as capital assets (within the meaning of the Code), and does not address owners of a shareholder. This discussion is based upon the Code, its legislative history, existing and proposed regulations of the U.S. Department of Treasury promulgated under the Code (&quot; U.S. Treasury regulations &quot;), published rulings and court decisions, each as of the date of this Registration Statement and all of which are subject to change or differing interpretations, possibly retroactively, which could affect the continuing validity of this discussion. We have not sought, and will not seek, any ruling from the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the &quot; IRS &quot;) regarding the offerings pursuant to this Registration Statement or pursuant to the accompanying prospectus supplement unless expressly stated therein, and this discussion is not binding on the IRS. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the IRS would not assert, and that a court would not sustain, a position contrary to any of the tax consequences discussed herein. For purposes of this discussion, a &quot; U.S. Shareholder &quot; is a beneficial owner of our Shares that is for U.S. federal income tax purposes: &middot; an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States; 23 &middot; a corporation, or other entity treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, created or organized in or under the laws of the United States or any state thereof or the District of Columbia; &middot; a trust, if a court within the United States has primary supervision over its administration and one or more U.S. persons (as defined in the Code) have the authority to control all of its substantial decisions, or if the trust has a valid election in effect under applicable U.S. Treasury regulations to be treated as a domestic trust for U.S. federal income tax purposes; or &middot; an estate, the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source. For purposes of this discussion, a &quot; Non-U.S. Shareholder &quot; is a beneficial owner of our Shares that is not a U.S. Shareholder or an entity that is treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. If a partnership (including an entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) holds our Shares, the tax treatment of a partner in the partnership generally will depend upon the status of the partner and the activities of the partnership. Prospective beneficial owners of our Shares that are partnerships or partners in such partnerships should consult their own tax advisers with respect to the purchase, ownership and disposition of our Shares. Tax matters are complicated and the tax consequences to a shareholder of an investment in our Shares will depend on the facts of such shareholder's particular situation. Shareholders are strongly encouraged to consult their own tax advisor regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and disposition of our Shares, as well as the effect of state, local and foreign tax laws, and the effect of any possible changes in tax laws. Election to be Taxed as a RIC We intend to elect to be treated, and intend to operate in a manner so as to continuously qualify annually thereafter, as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. As a RIC, we will not pay corporate-level U.S. federal income taxes on any net ordinary income or capital gains that we timely distribute (or are deemed to timely distribute) to our shareholders as dividends. Instead, dividends we distribute (or are deemed to timely distribute) generally will be taxable to shareholders, and any net operating losses, foreign tax credits and most other tax attributes generally will not pass through to shareholders. We will be subject to U.S. federal corporate-level income tax on any undistributed income and gains. To qualify as a RIC, we must meet certain source-of-income and asset diversification requirements (as described below). In addition, we must distribute to our shareholders, for each taxable year, at least 90% of our investment company taxable income (which generally is our net ordinary taxable income and realized net short-term capital gains in excess of realized net long-term capital losses, determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction) (the &quot; Annual Distribution Requirement &quot;) for any taxable year. Taxation as a RIC If we (1) qualify as a RIC and (2) satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement, then we will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the portion of our investment company taxable income and net capital gain (i.e., realized net long-term capital gain in excess of realized net short-term capital loss) that we timely distribute (or are deemed to timely distribute) to shareholders. We will be subject to U.S. federal income tax at the regular corporate rate on any of our income or capital gains not distributed (or deemed distributed) to our shareholders. If we fail to distribute in a timely manner an amount at least equal to the sum of (1) 98% of our ordinary income for the calendar year, (2) 98.2% of our net capital gain income (both long-term and short-term) for the one-year period ending October 31 in that calendar year and (3) any income realized, but not distributed, in the preceding years (to the extent that income tax was not imposed on such amounts) less certain over-distributions in prior years (together, the &quot; Excise Tax Distribution Requirements &quot;), we will be subject to a 4% nondeductible federal excise tax on the portion of the undistributed amounts of such income that are less than the amounts required to be distributed based on the Excise Tax Distribution Requirements. For this purpose, however, any ordinary income or capital gain net income retained by us that is subject to corporate income tax for the tax year ending in that calendar year will be considered to have been distributed by year end (or earlier if estimated taxes are paid). We currently intend to make sufficient distributions each taxable year to satisfy the Excise Tax Distribution Requirements. To qualify as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we generally must: 24 &middot; elect to be treated and qualify as a business development company under the 1940 Act at all times during each taxable year; &middot; derive in each taxable year at least 90% of our gross income from (a) dividends, interest, payments with respect to certain securities loans, gains from the sale of stock, securities, foreign currencies or other income (including certain deemed inclusions) derived with respect to our business of investing in such stock, securities, foreign currencies or other income, or (b) net income derived from an interest in a qualified publicly traded partnership (&quot; QPTP &quot;) (collectively, the &quot; 90% Gross Income Test &quot;); and &middot; diversify our holdings so that at the end of each quarter of the taxable year: o at least 50% of the value of our assets consists of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities, securities of other RICs and other securities that, with respect to any issuer, do not represent more than 5% of the value of our assets or more than 10% of the outstanding voting securities of that issuer; and o no more than 25% of the value of our assets is invested in the securities, other than U.S. government securities or securities of other RICs, of (i) one issuer, (ii) two or more issuers that are controlled, as determined under the Code, by us and that are engaged in the same or similar or related trades or businesses, or (iii) one or more QPTPs (collectively, the &quot; Diversification Tests &quot;). We have an &quot;opt-out&quot; DRIP. The tax consequences to shareholders of participating in the DRIP are discussed below &ndash; &quot; Taxation of U.S. Shareholders .&quot; We may have investments that require income to be included in investment company taxable income in a year prior to the year in which we actually receive a corresponding amount of cash in respect of such income. For example, if we hold debt obligations that are treated under applicable U.S. federal income tax rules as having original issue discount (&quot; OID &quot;) (such as debt instruments with &quot;payment in kind&quot; or &quot;PIK&quot; interest, that have increasing interest rates or are issued with warrants), we must include in our taxable income each year a portion of the OID that accrues over the life of the obligation, regardless of whether we receive cash representing such income in the same taxable year. We may also have to include in our taxable income other amounts that we have not yet received in cash, such as accruals on a contingent payment debt instrument or deferred loan origination fees that are paid after origination of the loan or are paid in non-cash compensation such as warrants or stock. A RIC is limited in its ability to deduct expenses in excess of its investment company taxable income. If our deductible expenses in a given year exceed our investment company taxable income, we will have a net operating loss for that year. A RIC is not able to offset its investment company taxable income with net operating losses on either a carryforward or carryback basis, and net operating losses generally will not pass through to shareholders. In addition, expenses may be used only to offset investment company taxable income and may not be used to offset net capital gain. A RIC may not use net capital losses (i.e., realized capital losses in excess of realized capital gains) to offset its investment company taxable income but may carry forward those losses and use them to offset future capital gains indefinitely. Further, a RIC's deduction of net business interest expense is limited to 30% of its &quot;adjusted taxable income&quot; plus &quot;floor plan financing interest expense.&quot; It is not expected that any portion of any underwriting or similar fee will be deductible for U.S. federal income tax purposes to us or the shareholders. Due to these limits on the deductibility of expenses, net capital losses and business interest expenses, we may, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, have aggregate taxable income for several years that we are required to distribute and that is taxable to shareholders even if this income is greater than the aggregate net income we actually earned during those years. In order to enable us to make distributions to shareholders that will be sufficient to enable us to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement or the Excise Tax Distribution Requirements, we may need to liquidate or sell some of our assets at times or at prices that we would not consider advantageous, we may need to raise additional equity or debt capital, we may need to take out loans, or we may need to forego new investment opportunities or otherwise take actions that are disadvantageous to our business (or be unable to take actions that are advantageous to our business). Moreover, our ability to dispose of assets to meet our Annual Distribution Requirement or the Excise Tax Distribution Requirements could be limited by (1) the illiquid nature of our portfolio or (2) other requirements relating to our qualification as a RIC, including the Diversification Tests. Even if we are authorized to borrow and to sell assets in order to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement or the Excise Tax Distribution Requirements, under the 1940 Act, we generally would not be permitted to make distributions to our shareholders if, and for so long as, we have outstanding debt obligations and senior securities, unless certain &quot;asset coverage&quot; tests and other financial covenants are met. If we are unable to obtain cash from other sources to enable us to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement, we may fail to qualify for the U.S. federal income tax benefits allowable to RICs and, thus, become subject to a corporate-level U.S. federal income tax (and any applicable state and local taxes). Although we expect to operate in a manner so as to qualify continuously as a RIC, we may decide in the future to be taxed as a &quot;C&quot; corporation, even if we would otherwise qualify as a RIC, if we determine that such treatment as a C corporation for a particular year would be in our best interest. 25 If we are unable to obtain cash from other sources to enable us to satisfy the Excise Tax Distribution Requirements, we may be subject to an additional tax. Additionally, no assurances can be given that we will not be subject to the excise tax, and we may choose in certain circumstances to pay the excise tax as opposed to making an additional distribution. For the purpose of determining whether we satisfy the 90% Gross Income Test and the Diversification Tests, the character of our distributive share of items of income, gain, losses, deductions and credits derived through any investments in companies that are treated as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes (other than certain publicly traded partnerships), or are otherwise treated as disregarded from us for U.S. federal income tax purposes, generally will be determined as if we realized these tax items directly. Further, for purposes of calculating the value of our investment in the securities of an issuer for purposes of determining the 25% requirement of the Diversification Tests, our proper proportion of any investment in the securities of that issuer that are held by a member of our &quot;controlled group&quot; must be aggregated with our investment in that issuer. A controlled group is one or more chains of corporations connected through stock ownership with us if (a) at least 20% of the total combined voting power of all classes of voting stock of each of the corporations is owned directly by one or more of the other corporations, and (b) we directly own at least 20% or more of the combined voting stock of at least one of the other corporations. We do not expect to be treated as a &quot;publicly offered regulated investment company.&quot; As a result, for purposes of computing the taxable income of U.S. Shareholders that are individuals, trusts or estates, (i) distributions from our earnings will be computed without taking into account the U.S. Shareholders' allocable shares of the management and incentive fees paid to the Adviser and certain of our other expenses, (ii) each U.S. Shareholder will be treated as having paid or incurred the U.S. Shareholder's allocable share of these fees and expenses, and (iii) each U.S. Shareholder's allocable share of these fees and expenses will be treated as miscellaneous itemized deductions by the U.S. Shareholder. Miscellaneous itemized deductions are not currently deductible by a U.S. Shareholder that is an individual, trust, or estate. Beginning January 1, 2026, miscellaneous itemized deductions will be deductible to U.S. Shareholders only to the extent the deductions (x) exceed 2% of the U.S. Shareholder's adjusted gross income, (y) are not deductible for alternative minimum tax purposes, and (z) are subject to the overall limitation on itemized deductions under Section 68 of the Code. In addition, we will be subject to limitations on the deductibility of certain &quot;preferential dividends&quot; that are distributed to U.S. Shareholders on a non-pro-rata basis. U.S. Shareholders should consult their own tax advisors as to the deductibility of any management and incentive fees allocated to the U.S. Shareholder. Failure to Qualify as a RIC If we fail to satisfy the 90% Gross Income Test for any taxable year or the Diversification Tests for any quarter of a taxable year but we otherwise qualify as a RIC, we may continue to be taxed as a RIC for the relevant taxable year if certain relief provisions of the Code apply (which might, among other things, require us to pay certain corporate-level U.S. federal taxes or to dispose of certain assets). If we fail to qualify as a RIC for more than two consecutive taxable years and then seek to re-qualify as a RIC, we would generally be required to recognize gain to the extent of any unrealized appreciation in our assets unless we elect to pay U.S. corporate income tax on any such unrealized appreciation during the succeeding 5-year period. If we fail to qualify for treatment as a RIC in any taxable year and are not eligible for the relief provisions, we would be subject to U.S. federal income tax on all of our taxable income at the regular corporate U.S. federal income tax rate and would be subject to any applicable state and local taxes, regardless of whether we make any distributions to the holders of our Shares. Additionally, we would not be able to deduct distributions to our shareholders, nor would distributions to the shareholders of our Shares be required to be made for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Any distributions we make generally would be taxable to shareholders as ordinary dividend income and, subject to certain limitations under the Code, would be eligible for the current maximum rate applicable to qualifying dividend income of individuals and other non-corporate U.S. Shareholders to the extent of our current or accumulated earnings and profits. Subject to certain limitations under the Code, U.S. Shareholders of our Shares that are corporations for U.S. federal income tax purposes would be eligible for the dividends-received deduction. Distributions in excess of our current and accumulated earnings and profits would be treated first as a return of capital to the extent of the shareholder's adjusted tax basis in our Shares, and any remaining distributions would be treated as capital gain. The remainder of this discussion assumes that we will continuously qualify as a RIC for each taxable year. 26 The Fund's Investments &ndash; General Certain of our investment practices may be subject to special and complex U.S. federal income tax provisions that may (1) treat dividends that would otherwise constitute qualified dividend income as non-qualified dividend income, (2) disallow, suspend or otherwise limit the allowance of certain losses or deductions, (3) convert lower taxed long-term capital gain into higher taxed short-term capital gain or ordinary income, (4) convert an ordinary loss or a deduction into a capital loss (the deductibility of which is more limited), (5) cause us to recognize income or gain without receipt of a corresponding cash payment, (6) adversely affect the time as to when a purchase or sale of stock or securities is deemed to occur, (7) adversely alter the characterization of certain complex financial transactions and (8) produce income that will not be qualifying income for purposes of the 90% Gross Income Test. We intend to monitor our transactions and may make certain tax elections in order to mitigate the effects of these provisions; however, no assurance can be given that we will be eligible for any such tax elections or that any elections we make will fully mitigate the effects of these provisions. Gain or loss recognized by us from securities, debt instruments and other financial assets acquired by us, as well as any loss attributable to the lapse of options, warrants, or other financial assets taxed as options generally will be treated as capital gain or loss. Such gain or loss generally will be long-term or short-term depending on how long we held a particular security or other financial asset. A portfolio company in which we invest may face financial difficulties that require us to work-out, modify or otherwise restructure a debt instrument. Any such transaction could cause us to recognize taxable income without a corresponding receipt of cash, which could affect our ability to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement or the Excise Tax Distribution Requirements or result in unusable capital losses and future non-cash income. Any such transaction could also result in us receiving assets that give rise to non-qualifying income for purposes of the 90% Gross Income Test. Our investment in non-U.S. securities may be subject to non-U.S. income, withholding and other taxes. Shareholders generally will not be entitled to claim a U.S. foreign tax credit or deduction with respect to non-U.S. taxes paid by us. If we acquire shares in a PFIC, we may be subject to U.S. federal income tax on a portion of any &quot;excess distribution&quot; received on, or any gain from the disposition of, such shares even if we distribute such income as a taxable dividend to the holders of our Shares. Additional charges in the nature of interest generally will be imposed on us in respect of deferred taxes arising from any such excess distribution or gain. If we invest in a PFIC and elect to treat the PFIC as a &quot;qualified electing fund&quot; under the Code (a &quot; QEF &quot;), in lieu of the foregoing requirements, we will be required to include in gross income each year a portion of the ordinary earnings and net capital gain of the QEF, even if such income is not distributed by the QEF. Any inclusions in our gross income resulting from the QEF election will be considered qualifying income for purposes of the 90% Gross Income Test. Alternatively, we may elect to mark-to-market at the end of each taxable year our shares in such PFIC, in which case, we will recognize as ordinary income any increase in the value of such shares, and as ordinary loss any decrease in such value to the extent it does not exceed prior increases included in our income. Our ability to make either election will depend on factors beyond our control, and is subject to restrictions which may limit the availability of the benefit of these elections. Under either election, we may be required to recognize in any year income in excess of our distributions from PFICs and our proceeds from dispositions of PFIC stock during that year, and such income will nevertheless be subject to the Annual Distribution Requirement and will be taken into account for purposes of determining whether we satisfy the Excise Tax Distribution Requirements. Our functional currency is the U.S. dollar for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Under Section 988 of the Code, gains or losses attributable to fluctuations in exchange rates between the time we accrue income, expenses or other liabilities denominated in a currency other than the U.S. dollar and the time we actually collect such income or pay such expenses or liabilities may be treated as ordinary income or loss. Similarly, gains or losses on foreign currency forward contracts, the disposition of debt denominated in a foreign currency and other financial transactions denominated in foreign currency, to the extent attributable to fluctuations in exchange rates between the acquisition and disposition dates, may also be treated as ordinary income or loss by us. Hedging and Derivative Transactions Gain or loss, if any, realized from certain financial futures or forward contracts and options transactions (&quot; Section 1256 contracts &quot;) generally is treated as 60% long-term capital gain or loss (as applicable) and 40% short-term capital gain or loss (as applicable). Gain or loss will arise upon exercise or lapse of Section 1256 contracts. In addition, any Section 1256 contracts remaining unexercised at the end of the shareholder's taxable year are treated as sold for their then fair market value, resulting in the recognition of gain or loss characterized in the manner described above. Offsetting positions held by us involving certain financial futures or forward contracts or options transactions with respect to actively traded personal property may be considered &quot;straddles&quot; for U.S. federal income tax purposes. To the extent the straddle rules apply to positions established by us, losses realized by us may be deferred to the extent of unrealized gain in the offsetting positions. Short-term capital loss on straddle positions may be recharacterized as long-term capital loss, and long-term capital gains on straddle positions may be treated as short-term capital gains or ordinary income. Interest and carrying charges allocable to positions in straddles is required to be capitalized, rather than deducted as accrued. Certain of the straddle positions held by us may constitute &quot;mixed straddles.&quot; One or more elections may be made in respect of the U.S. federal income tax treatment of &quot;mixed straddles,&quot; resulting in different tax consequences. In certain circumstances, the provisions governing the tax treatment of straddles override or modify certain of the provisions discussed above. 27 If we either hold (1) an appreciated financial position with respect to stock, certain debt obligations or partnership interests (&quot;appreciated financial position&quot;) and enter into a short sale, futures, forward, or offsetting notional principal contract with respect to the same or substantially identical property, or (2) certain appreciated &quot;short&quot; financial positions and acquire &quot;long&quot; property that is the same as, or substantially identical to, the underlying property referenced in the short financial position, we may be taxed as if the appreciated financial position were sold at its fair market value on the date we enter into the financial position or acquire the property, respectively. Management Fees Some of the income and fees that we recognize, such as management fees, may not satisfy the 90% Gross Income Test. In order to ensure that such income and fees do not disqualify us as a RIC, we may be required to recognize such income or fees through one or more entities treated as corporations for U.S. federal income tax purposes. While recognizing the income through an entity that is treated as a corporation for federal income tax purposes, will assist us in satisfying the 90% Gross Income Test, no assurance can be given that this structure will be respected for U.S. federal income tax purposes, which could result in the income being treated as received directly by us and causing us to fail the 90% Gross Income Test and result in our disqualification as a RIC. If, as expected, the structure is respected, those entities will be required to pay U.S. corporate income tax on their earnings, which ultimately will reduce the yield on such income and fees for us. Taxation of U.S. Shareholders The following summary generally describes certain material U.S. federal income tax consequences of an investment in our Shares by U.S. Shareholders (as defined above). If you are not a U.S. Shareholder, this section does not apply to you. Whether an investment in our Shares is appropriate for a U.S. Shareholder will depend upon that person's particular circumstances. An investment in our Shares by a U.S. Shareholder may have adverse tax consequences. U.S. Shareholders should consult their own tax advisors about the U.S. tax consequences of investing in our Shares. Distributions on, and Sale or Other Disposition of, the Fund's Shares. Distributions by us generally are taxable to U.S. Shareholders as ordinary income or capital gains. Distributions of our investment company taxable income, determined without regard to the deduction for dividends paid, will be taxable as ordinary income to U.S. Shareholders to the extent of our current or accumulated earnings and profits, whether paid in cash or reinvested in additional Shares. To the extent such distributions we pay to non-corporate U.S. Shareholders (including individuals) are attributable to dividends from U.S. corporations and certain qualified foreign corporations, such distributions (&quot; Qualifying Dividends &quot;) generally are taxable to U.S. Shareholders at the preferential rates applicable to long-term capital gains. A portion of our ordinary income dividends paid to corporate U.S. Shareholders may, if certain conditions are met, qualify for the 50% dividends-received deduction to the extent that we have received dividends from certain corporations during the taxable year, but only to the extent these ordinary income dividends are treated as paid out of our earnings and profits. However, we anticipate that our distributions generally will not be attributable to dividends and, therefore, generally will not qualify for the preferential rates applicable to Qualifying Dividends or the dividends received deduction available to corporations under the Code. Distributions of our net capital gains (which generally are our realized net long-term capital gains in excess of realized net short-term capital losses) that are properly reported by us as &quot;capital gain dividends&quot; will be taxable to a U.S. Shareholder as long-term capital gains that are currently taxable at reduced rates in the case of non-corporate taxpayers, regardless of the U.S. Shareholder's holding period for their Shares and regardless of whether paid in cash or reinvested in additional Shares. Distributions in excess of our earnings and profits first will reduce a U.S. Shareholder's adjusted tax basis in such U.S. Shareholder's Shares and, after the adjusted tax basis is reduced to zero, will constitute capital gains to such U.S. Shareholder. We generally expect to make distributions in cash but may choose to offer consent dividends. Shareholders should consult their own tax advisors as to the possibility of us distributing securities in-kind, as well as the specific tax consequences of owning and disposing any securities actually distributed in-kind by us. U.S. Shareholders who have not &quot;opted-out&quot; of our DRIP will have their cash dividends and distributions automatically reinvested in additional Shares, rather than receiving cash dividends and distributions. Any dividends or distributions reinvested under the DRIP will nevertheless remain taxable to U.S. Shareholders. A U.S. Shareholder will have an adjusted basis in the additional Shares purchased through the DRIP equal to the dollar amount that would have been received if the U.S. Shareholder had received the dividend or distribution in cash, unless we were to issue new Shares that are trading at or above net asset value, in which case, the U.S. Shareholder's basis in the new Shares would generally be equal to their fair market value. The additional Shares will have a new holding period commencing on the day following the day on which the Shares are credited to the U.S. Shareholder's account. 28 In order to meet the Annual Distribution Requirement and the Excise Tax Distribution Requirements we may, with the consent of the shareholders, designate an amount as a consent dividend (i.e., a deemed dividend). The consent dividend would be treated like an actual dividend under the Code for all U.S. federal income tax purposes but no actual cash would be distributed to shareholders. Shareholders would be required to include that amount in income as if it were actually distributed. For purposes of determining (1) whether the Annual Distribution Requirement is satisfied for any year and (2) the amount of capital gains dividends paid for that year, we may, under certain circumstances, elect to treat a dividend that is paid during the following taxable year as if it had been paid during the taxable year in question. If we make such an election, a U.S. Shareholder will still be treated as receiving the dividend in the taxable year in which the distribution is made. However, any dividend declared by us in October, November or December of any calendar year, payable to shareholders of record on a specified date in such a month and actually paid during January of the following year, will be treated as if it had been received by our shareholders on December 31 of the year in which the dividend was declared. If a U.S. Shareholder purchases our Shares shortly before the record date of a distribution, the price of the Shares will include the value of the distribution and such U.S. Shareholder will be subject to tax on the distribution even though it economically represents a return of its investment. A U.S. Shareholder generally will recognize taxable gain or loss if the U.S. Shareholder redeems, sells or otherwise disposes of such shareholder's Shares. The amount of gain or loss will be measured by the difference between a U.S. Shareholder's adjusted tax basis in our Shares sold, redeemed or otherwise disposed of and the amount of the proceeds received in exchange. Any gain or loss arising from such sale, redemption or other disposition generally will be treated as long-term capital gain or loss if the U.S. Shareholder has held its Shares for more than one year. Otherwise, such gain or loss will be classified as short-term capital gain or loss. However, any capital loss arising from the sale, redemption or other disposition of our Shares held for six months or less will be treated as long-term capital loss to the extent of the amount of capital gain dividends received, or undistributed capital gain deemed received, with respect to such Shares. In addition, all or a portion of any loss recognized upon a disposition of our Shares may be disallowed if substantially identical stock or securities are purchased (whether through reinvestment of distributions or otherwise) within 30 days before or after the disposition. In such case, any disallowed loss is generally added to the U.S. Shareholder's adjusted tax basis of the acquired stock. In general, U.S. Shareholders that are individuals, trusts or estates are taxed at preferential rates on their net capital gain. Such rates are lower than the maximum rate on ordinary income currently payable by individuals. Corporate U.S. Shareholders currently are subject to U.S. federal income tax on net capital gain and ordinary income at the same maximum rate. A non-corporate U.S. Shareholder with net capital losses for a year (i.e., capital loss in excess of capital gain) generally may deduct up to $3,000 of such losses against its ordinary income each year; any net capital losses of a non-corporate U.S. Shareholder in excess of $3,000 generally may be carried forward and used in subsequent years as provided in the Code. Corporate U.S. Shareholders generally may not deduct any net capital losses for a year, but may carry back such losses for three years or carry forward such losses for five years. We will send to each of our U.S. Shareholders, after the end of each calendar year, a notice providing, on a per share and per distribution basis, the amounts includible in such U.S. Shareholder's taxable income for such year as ordinary income and as long-term capital gain. In addition, the U.S. federal tax status of each year's distributions generally will be reported to the IRS (including the amount of dividends, if any, eligible for the preferential rates applicable to long-term capital gains). Distributions by us out of current or accumulated earnings and profits also will not be eligible for the 20% pass through deduction under Section 199A of the Code. Distributions may also be subject to additional state, local and non-U.S. taxes depending on a U.S. Shareholder's particular situation. Tax Shelter Reporting Regulations Under U.S. Treasury regulations, if a U.S. Shareholder recognizes a loss with respect to our Shares in excess of $2 million or more for a non-corporate U.S. Shareholder or $10 million or more for a corporate U.S. Shareholder in any single taxable year, such shareholder must file with the IRS a disclosure statement on Form 8886. Direct investors of &quot;portfolio securities&quot; in many cases are excepted from this reporting requirement, but under current guidance, equity owners of a RIC are not excepted. The fact that a loss is reportable under these regulations does not affect the legal determination of whether the taxpayer's treatment of the loss is proper. Significant monetary penalties apply to a failure to comply with this reporting requirement. States may also have similar reporting requirements. U.S. Shareholders should consult their tax advisor to determine the applicability of these regulations in light of their individual circumstances. 29 Net Investment Income Tax An additional 3.8% surtax applies to the net investment income of non-corporate U.S. Shareholders (other than certain trusts) on the lesser of (i) the U.S. Shareholder's &quot;net investment income&quot; for a taxable year and (ii) the excess of the U.S. Shareholder's modified adjusted gross income for the taxable year over $200,000 ($250,000 in the case of joint filers). For these purposes, &quot;net investment income&quot; generally includes interest and taxable distributions and deemed distributions paid with respect to our Shares, and net gain attributable to the disposition of our Shares (in each case, unless our Shares are held in connection with certain trades or businesses), but will be reduced by any deductions properly allocable to these distributions or this net gain. Taxation of Non-U.S. Shareholders The following discussion applies only to persons that are non-U.S. Shareholders. If you are not a non-U.S. Shareholder this section does not apply to you. Whether an investment in our Shares is appropriate for a non-U.S. Shareholder will depend upon that person's particular circumstances. An investment in our Shares by a non-U.S. Shareholder may have adverse tax consequences and, accordingly, may not be appropriate for a non-U.S. Shareholder. Non-U.S. Shareholders should consult their own tax advisors before investing in our Shares. Distributions on, and Sale or Other Disposition of, the Fund's Shares Distributions by us to non-U.S. Shareholders (and deemed distributions, such as consent dividends) that are payable from our current and accumulated earnings and profits and reflect U.S.-source interest income that would otherwise qualify for the &quot;portfolio interest exemption&quot; if received directly by the non-U.S. Shareholder generally will not be subject to U.S. withholding tax and generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax. We expect that substantially all of our income will so qualify. Other distributions by us to non-U.S. Shareholders generally will be subject to U.S. withholding tax (unless lowered or eliminated by an applicable income tax treaty) to the extent payable from our current and accumulated earnings and profits. Actual or deemed distributions of our net capital gain to a non-U.S. Shareholder, and gains recognized by a non-U.S. Shareholder upon the sale of our Shares, will not be subject to withholding of U.S. federal income tax and generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax unless (a) the distributions or gains, as the case may be, are effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business of the non-U.S. Shareholder and, if an income tax treaty applies, are attributable to a permanent establishment maintained by the non-U.S. Shareholder in the United States (as discussed above) or (b) the non-U.S. Shareholder is an individual, has been present in the United States for 183 days or more during the taxable year and certain other conditions are satisfied. For a corporate non-U.S. Shareholder, distributions (both actual and deemed) and gains recognized upon the sale of our Shares that are effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business may, under certain circumstances, be subject to an additional &quot;branch profits tax&quot; (unless lowered or eliminated by an applicable income tax treaty). Non-U.S. Shareholders of our Shares are encouraged to consult their own advisors as to the applicability of an income tax treaty in their individual circumstances. No assurance can be given that we will distribute any interest related dividends or short-term capital gain dividends. In general, no U.S. source withholding taxes will be imposed on dividends paid by RICs to non-U.S. Shareholders to the extent the dividends are designated as &quot;interest related dividends&quot; or &quot;short-term capital gain dividends.&quot; Under this exemption, interest related dividends and short-term capital gain dividends generally represent distributions of interest or short-term capital gain that would not have been subject to U.S. withholding tax at the source if they had been received directly by a non-U.S. Shareholder, and that satisfy certain other requirements. If we distribute our net capital gain in the form of deemed rather than actual distributions (which we may do in the future), a non-U.S. Shareholder will be entitled to a U.S. federal income tax credit or tax refund equal to the non-U.S. Shareholder's allocable share of the tax we pay on the capital gain deemed to have been distributed. In order to obtain the refund, the non-U.S. Shareholder must obtain a U.S. taxpayer identification number (if one has not been previously obtained) and file a U.S. federal income tax return even if the non-U.S. Shareholder would not otherwise be required to obtain a U.S. taxpayer identification number or file a U.S. federal income tax return. Non-U.S. Shareholders who have not &quot;opted-out&quot; of our DRIP will have their cash dividends and distributions automatically reinvested in additional Shares, rather than receiving cash dividends and distributions. Any dividends or distributions reinvested under the DRIP will nevertheless remain taxable to non-U.S. Shareholders to the same extent as if such dividends were received in cash. 30 NON-U.S. SHAREHOLDERS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISERS WITH RESPECT TO THE U.S. FEDERAL INCOME AND WITHHOLDING TAX CONSEQUENCES, AND STATE, LOCAL AND NON-U.S. TAX CONSEQUENCES, OF AN INVESTMENT IN OUR SHARES. Certain Additional Tax Considerations Information Reporting and Backup Withholding We may be required to withhold, for U.S. federal income taxes, a portion of all taxable distributions payable to shareholders (a) who fail to provide us with their correct taxpayer identification numbers (TINs) or who otherwise fail to make required certifications or (b) with respect to whom the IRS notifies us that this shareholder is subject to backup withholding. Certain shareholders specified in the Code and the U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder are exempt from backup withholding but may be required to provide documentation to establish their exempt status. Backup withholding is not an additional tax. Any amounts withheld will be allowed as a refund or a credit against the shareholder's U.S. federal income tax liability if the appropriate information is timely provided to the IRS. Failure by a shareholder to furnish a certified TIN to us could subject the shareholder to a penalty imposed by the IRS. Withholding and Information Reporting on Foreign Financial Accounts A non-U.S. Shareholder who is otherwise subject to withholding of U.S. federal income tax may be subject to information reporting and backup withholding of U.S. federal income tax on dividends, unless the non-U.S. Shareholder provides us or the dividend paying agent with an IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or an acceptable substitute form), or otherwise meets the documentary evidence requirements for establishing that it is a non-U.S. Shareholder or otherwise establishes an exemption from backup withholding. Pursuant to Sections 1471 to 1474 of the Code and the U.S. Treasury regulations thereunder, the relevant withholding agent generally will be required to withhold 30% of any dividends paid on our Shares to: (i) a foreign financial institution, unless such foreign financial institution agrees to verify, report and disclose its U.S. accountholders, and meets certain other specified requirements or is subject to an applicable &quot;intergovernmental agreement&quot;; or (ii) a non-financial foreign entity beneficial owner, unless the entity certifies that it does not have any substantial U.S. owners or provides the name, address and taxpayer identification number of each substantial U.S. owner, and meets certain other specified requirements. If payment of this withholding tax is made, non-U.S. Shareholders that are otherwise eligible for an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding taxes with respect to such dividends or proceeds will be required to seek a credit or refund from the IRS to obtain such benefit of this exemption or reduction. In certain cases, the relevant foreign financial institution or non-financial foreign entity may qualify for an exemption from, or be deemed to be in compliance with, these rules. Certain jurisdictions have entered into agreements with the United States that may supplement or modify these rules. Non-U.S. Shareholders should consult their own tax advisors regarding the particular consequences to them of this legislation and guidance. We will not pay any additional amounts in respect to any amounts withheld. Certain ERISA Considerations Generally The U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, governs the investment of assets of a variety of employee retirement and welfare benefit plans subject to ERISA (&quot; ERISA Plans &quot;) that may be investors, directly or indirectly, in the Fund. ERISA, the regulations under ERISA issued by the United States Department of Labor (the &quot; DOL &quot;) and opinions and other authority issued by the DOL and the courts provide guidance that should be considered by fiduciaries of ERISA Plans prior to investing in us. The following discussion of certain ERISA considerations is based on statutory authority and judicial and administrative interpretations as of the date hereof and is designed only to provide a general understanding of the basic issues. Accordingly, this discussion should not be considered legal advice and the trustees and other fiduciaries of each ERISA Plan are encouraged to consult their own legal advisors on these matters. Fiduciary Duty of Investing Plans In considering an investment in us, plan fiduciaries should consider their basic fiduciary duties under ERISA Section 404, which requires them to discharge their investment duties prudently, solely in the interest of the plan participants and beneficiaries and for the exclusive purpose of providing benefits to the plan participants and beneficiaries and defraying reasonable administrative expenses of the relevant plan. Plan fiduciaries must give appropriate consideration to the role that an investment in us would play in the plan's investment portfolio. In analyzing the prudence of an investment in us, the DOL's regulation on investment duties should be considered (29 C.F.R. &sect; 2550.404a-1). 31 Our assets will be invested in accordance with the investment objective and policies described in this Registration Statement. The fiduciary of an ERISA Plan (and not the Adviser) will be solely responsible for the ERISA Plan's decision to invest in us. Neither we nor the Adviser or any of our respective affiliates is responsible for determining, and none of them or us makes any representation regarding, whether an investment in us is an appropriate investment for ERISA Plans generally or any particular ERISA Plan. Prohibited Transactions Section 406 of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code prohibit certain transactions involving the assets of ERISA Plans and certain persons, referred to as &quot;parties in interest&quot; under ERISA or &quot;disqualified persons&quot; under Section 4975 of the Code, having certain relationships to such ERISA Plans, unless a statutory or administrative exemption is applicable to the transaction. An investment in us by an ERISA Plan having a relationship with the Adviser or us, or any of our respective affiliates could, under certain circumstances, be considered a transaction prohibited under ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. Accordingly, an authorized fiduciary of an investing ERISA Plan will be deemed to have represented and agreed, among other things, that the ERISA Plan's investment in us will not constitute or otherwise result in a non-exempt &quot;prohibited transaction&quot; under ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. Plan Assets ERISA and the regulation issued by the DOL at 29 C.F.R. &sect; 2510.3-101, as modified or deemed to be modified by ERISA (the &quot; Plan Assets Regulation &quot;), define the term &quot;plan assets&quot; as applied to entities in which a plan invests, directly or indirectly, such as the Fund. The Plan Assets Regulation provides that when an ERISA Plan acquires an equity interest in an entity, and such equity interest is neither a &quot;publicly offered security&quot; (as defined in the Plan Assets Regulation) nor a security issued by an investment company registered under the 1940 Act, the assets of the ERISA Plan include not only the equity interest, but also include an undivided interest in the underlying assets of the entity, unless an exception to this general rule applies. Exceptions Under the Plan Assets Regulation The Plan Assets Regulation provides several exceptions to the general rule of plan asset treatment. Pursuant to one such exception, the assets of certain entities, such as the Fund, will not be treated as &quot;plan assets&quot; when equity participation in the entity by &quot;benefit plan investors&quot; is not &quot;significant.&quot; Equity participation in an entity by &quot;benefit plan investors&quot; (as defined in Section 3(42) of ERISA) is &quot;significant&quot; on any date if, immediately after the most recent acquisition or disposition of any equity interest in the entity, 25% or more of the value (in the aggregate) of any class of equity interests in the entity is held by &quot;benefit plan investors.&quot; For purposes of the 25% test, the term &quot;benefit plan investors&quot; includes ERISA Plans, certain other retirement plans defined in and subject to Section 4975 of the Code (such as individual retirement accounts), and entities or accounts deemed to hold &quot;plan assets&quot; due to an investment in such entity or account by ERISA Plans or such other retirement plans (such as insurance company general accounts). For the purposes of calculating the 25% threshold under the Plan Assets Regulation, the value of any equity interest held by a person (other than a &quot;benefit plan investor&quot;) who has discretionary authority or control with respect to the assets of the entity or that provides investment advice for a fee (direct or indirect) with respect to such assets (or an affiliate of such person) is disregarded. The Adviser intends to conduct our affairs and operations in such a manner so that our assets will not be treated as &quot;plan assets&quot; of any ERISA Plan for purposes of ERISA. In furtherance of the foregoing, the Adviser will have broad authority to take any actions necessary or desirable in order to prevent our assets from constituting &quot;plan assets&quot; for purposes of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, including the authority to limit investments in us by &quot;benefit plan investors&quot; (as defined in Section 3(42) of ERISA), cause a mandatory withdrawal by &quot;benefit plan investors,&quot; and restrict the transfer of interests in us to &quot;benefit plan investors.&quot; Accordingly, we are not expected to be deemed to be holding &quot;plan assets&quot; subject to ERISA at any time and, therefore, the Adviser does not anticipate that it, or any other service provider to us will be subject to the fiduciary or other requirements of ERISA, the prohibited transaction rules of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code or any other related requirements with respect to any ERISA Plan investing in us. However, if our assets were at any point deemed to constitute &quot;plan assets&quot; for purposes of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, our activities may become subject to the fiduciary responsibility provisions of ERISA and the prohibited transaction provisions of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code, and our operations and investments may be limited as a result, potentially resulting in a lower return to us than might otherwise be the case. Further, in the absence of compliance with ERISA and the prohibited transaction rules of Section 4975 of the Code, the Adviser could be exposed to litigation, penalties and liabilities which might adversely affect its ability to fully satisfy its contractual obligations to us, and the fiduciaries of an ERISA Plan who made the decision to invest the ERISA Plan's assets in us could, under certain circumstances, be liable as co-fiduciaries for actions taken by us or the Adviser (or another service provider to us). 32 Reporting Benefit plan investors may be required to report certain compensation paid by us (or by third parties) to our service providers as &quot;reportable indirect compensation&quot; on Schedule C to the Form 5500 Annual Return (the &quot; Form 5500 &quot;). To the extent any compensation arrangements described herein constitute reportable indirect compensation, any such descriptions are intended to satisfy the disclosure requirements for the alternative reporting option for &quot;eligible indirect compensation,&quot; as defined for purposes of Schedule C to the Form 5500. Additional Information ERISA and its accompanying regulations are complex and, to a great extent, have not yet been interpreted by the courts or the administrative agencies. This discussion does not purport to constitute a thorough analysis of ERISA. Each prospective investor subject to ERISA should consult with its own legal counsel concerning the implications under ERISA of an investment in us, and to confirm that such an investment will not constitute or result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction or any other violation of an applicable requirement under ERISA. &quot;Governmental plans,&quot; certain &quot;church plans&quot; and non-U.S. plans, while not subject to the fiduciary responsibility and prohibited transaction provisions of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, may nevertheless be subject to laws that are substantially similar to the foregoing provisions of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. Decision-makers for any such plans should consult with their counsel before making an investment in us. The Adviser and its affiliates disclaim all responsibility for determining whether an investment in us would comply with any such laws for any such plan and expressly disclaim that they have adequately summarized or even identified such considerations. In addition, any such plan may be required to represent that its investment will not subject us or the Adviser to any such similar law that may be applicable to such plan. BY ACQUIRING AN INTEREST IN US, AN INVESTOR ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT (I) ANY INFORMATION PROVIDED BY US, THE ADVISER OR ANY OF OUR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES (INCLUDING INFORMATION SET FORTH IN THIS REGISTRATION STATEMENT) IS NOT A RECOMMENDATION TO INVEST IN US AND THAT NONE OF US, THE ADVISER OR ANY OF OUR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES ARE UNDERTAKING TO PROVIDE ANY INVESTMENT ADVICE TO THE INVESTOR (IMPARTIAL OR OTHERWISE), OR TO GIVE ADVICE TO THE INVESTOR IN A FIDUCIARY CAPACITY IN CONNECTION WITH AN INVESTMENT IN US AND, ACCORDINGLY, NO PART OF ANY COMPENSATION RECEIVED BY THE ADVISER OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES IS FOR THE PROVISION OF INVESTMENT ADVICE TO THE INVESTOR AND (II) THE ADVISER OR ITS AFFILIATES HAVE A FINANCIAL INTEREST IN THE INVESTOR'S INVESTMENT IN US ON ACCOUNT OF THE FEES AND OTHER COMPENSATION THEY EXPECT TO RECEIVE FROM THE FUND AS DISCLOSED IN THIS REGISTRATION STATEMENT AND IN THE OTHER GOVERNING AGREEMENTS. Item 1A. Risk Factors An investment in our Shares involves a significant degree of risk and should not be made by prospective investors who cannot afford to lose their entire investment. Prospective investors should carefully consider, in addition to the matters set forth elsewhere in this Registration Statement, the factors discussed below, each of which could have an adverse effect on the value of the Shares. Prospective investors should also consult their own financial, tax and legal advisors regarding the suitability of the investment offered herein. As a result of factors discussed below, as well as other risks set forth elsewhere in this Registration Statement, there can be no assurance that we will meet our investment objective or otherwise be able to carry out successfully our investment strategy. Our returns may be unpredictable and, accordingly, our Shares are suitable investments only for sophisticated investors who fully understand and are willing to assume the risks involved in our specialized investment program and have the financial resources necessary to bear the potential loss of their entire investment in our Shares. Shareholders should not construe the performance of any investments mentioned in this Registration Statement as providing any assurances regarding our future performance. General Risk Factors Overall Investment Risk All investments involve the risk of loss of capital. The instruments and portfolio holdings in which we invest and trade will be speculative in nature, and the markets in which we will transact will be highly competitive. Changes in general domestic and international economic and political situations and conditions, including fluctuations in interest rates, the availability of credit, recession and other factors may adversely affect our investments. Neither we nor our Adviser, or any of our or their respective affiliates, can provide any assurance whatsoever that the Adviser will be successful in choosing, making, managing and realizing investments in any particular asset, company or portfolio of assets or companies in which we might invest. The investment techniques and strategies to be employed by the Adviser in an effort to meet our investment objective may increase the risk that shareholders may not realize returns on our Shares that are commensurate with the potential value embodied in the investments that we hold or with the risks of investing in the types of assets or portfolio companies described in this Registration Statement. There can be no assurance that the Adviser's techniques and strategies will be successful, or that we will not incur losses, which could be meaningful. Accordingly, any investment should be made only after consulting with independent, qualified sources of investment, legal, tax, accounting and other advice. 33 Past Performance Not Indicative of Future Results While Third Point has decades' worth of experience managing a diverse range of investment vehicles, neither we nor the Adviser has an operating history upon which prospective investors may evaluate our likely performance. The past performance of the Adviser's affiliates, including other Third Point Funds, the investment professionals comprising the TP Private Credit Team and other Third Point Funds may not be indicative of our future performance. Our investment program should be evaluated on the basis that there can be no assurance that the Adviser's assessment of the short-term, intermediate-term or long-term prospects of investments will prove accurate or that we will achieve our investment objective or avoid loss of capital. Moreover, we are subject to all of the business risks and uncertainties associated with any new company, including the risk that we will not achieve our investment objective and that the value of our Shares could decline substantially. Accordingly, prospective investors should not expect us to achieve results similar to prior Third Point-managed or sponsored investment products. Dependence on Key Personnel and the Adviser All investment decisions with respect to us are made by the Adviser and will be overseen by the Investment Committee which is led by Chris Taylor. The Adviser is ultimately managed by Daniel Loeb, and evaluates, negotiates, structures, executes, monitors and services our investments. Shareholders have no right or power to take part in our management. As a result, our success depends largely upon the abilities of certain key personnel of our Adviser, including Mr. Loeb, members of the TP Private Credit Team and certain other senior executives of Third Point, and no assurance can be given that a suitable replacement could be found for such persons in the event of their respective death, disability or withdrawal from the Adviser or Third Point, as applicable. The departure of one or more key professionals from the Adviser (or its affiliates) could have a negative effect on us, our Shares and our ability to achieve our investment objective. No person should purchase any Shares unless such person is willing to entrust all aspects of our management to the Adviser. Our ability to achieve our investment objective will also depend on the ability of the Adviser to identify, analyze, invest in, finance, and monitor companies that meet our investment criteria. The Adviser's capabilities in structuring the investment process and providing competent, attentive and efficient services to us depends on the involvement of investment professionals of adequate number and sophistication to match the corresponding flow of transactions. To achieve our investment objective, the Adviser may need to retain, hire, train, supervise, and manage new investment professionals to participate in our investment selection and monitoring process. The Adviser may not be able to find qualified investment professionals in a timely manner or at all. Any failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Allocation of Resources The Adviser may in the future manage additional funds or accounts which may require significant attention and cause it not to devote its resources exclusively to our business. In addition, certain key personnel of our Adviser will continue to have significant involvement with businesses other than us, and while each such key personnel will devote a substantial and appropriate amount of his or her time to our business, they will have other business interests to which they attend from time to time. In addition, Third Point investment professionals will work on other projects or investments on behalf of Third Point. Conflicts of interest are expected to arise in allocating management time, services or functions. The ability to access professionals and resources within Third Point for the benefit of the Adviser is expected to be limited at times, including by the internal compliance policies of Third Point or other legal or business considerations, including those constraints generally discussed herein. See also &quot; Item 7. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Trustee Independence&mdash;Allocation of Time, Services or Functions. &quot; Pursuant to the Personnel Services Agreement between the Adviser and Third Point, Third Point will make a portion of the time and efforts of certain investment professionals at Third Point who comprise the TP Private Credit Team available to the Adviser for purposes of originating and identifying investment opportunities, conducting research and due diligence on prospective investments, analyzing and underwriting investment opportunities, structuring and selecting investments and monitoring and servicing our investments in accordance with the services provided by the Adviser under the Investment Advisory Agreement. Accordingly, we depend on the experience, diligence, skill and network of business contacts of Third Point and the TP Private Credit Team. The TP Private Credit Team, together with other investment professionals that the Adviser may retain in the future, will identify, evaluate, negotiate, structure, close, monitor and manage our investments. Our future success may significantly depend on the continued service and coordination of the TP Private Credit Team and of Third Point's other senior investment professionals. If Third Point were to lose the services of these individuals, the Adviser's ability to service us could be adversely affected and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. There is ever-increasing competition among alternative asset firms, financial institutions, private equity firms, investment managers, real estate investment companies, real estate investment trusts and other industry participants for hiring and retaining qualified investment professionals. There can be no assurance that Third Point personnel will not be solicited by or join competitors or other firms or that Third Point will be able to hire and retain any new personnel that it seeks to maintain or add to its roster of investment professionals. In addition, we cannot assure shareholders that the Adviser will remain our Adviser or that we will continue to have access to Third Point or its investment professionals. Moreover, the Personnel Services Agreement may be terminated by either party on thirty days' notice, and the termination of the Personnel Services Agreement may have a material adverse consequence on our operations. 34 Necessity for Counterparty Trading Relationships; Counterparty Risk We have relationships with counterparties used to obtain financing, derivative intermediation and prime brokerage services; however, there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain such relationships or establish new ones. An inability to establish or maintain such relationships would limit our trading activities and could create losses, preclude us from engaging in certain transactions, financing, derivative intermediation and prime brokerage services and prevent us from trading at optimal rates and terms. Moreover, a disruption in the financing, derivative intermediation and prime brokerage services provided by any such relationships before we establish additional relationships could have a significant impact on our business due to our reliance on such counterparties. Some of the markets in which we may affect our transactions are &quot;over-the- counter&quot; or &quot;interdealer&quot; markets. The participants in such markets are typically not subject to credit evaluation and regulatory oversight as are members of &quot;exchange-based&quot; markets. This exposes us to the risk that a counterparty will not settle a transaction in accordance with its terms and conditions because of a dispute over the terms of the contract (whether or not bona fide ) or because of a credit or liquidity problem, thus causing us to suffer a loss. In addition, in the case of a default, we could become subject to adverse market movements while replacement transactions are executed. Such &quot;counterparty risk&quot; is accentuated for contracts with longer maturities where events may intervene to prevent settlement, or where we have concentrated our transactions with a single counterparty or small group of counterparties. Furthermore, there is a risk that any of our counterparties could become insolvent or the subject of insolvency proceedings. If one or more of our counterparties were to become insolvent or the subject of insolvency proceedings in the United States (either under the U.S. Securities Investor Protection Act of 1970, as amended or the U.S. Bankruptcy Code), there exists the risk that the recovery of our securities and other assets from our prime brokers or broker-dealers will be delayed or be of a value less than the value of the securities or assets originally entrusted to such prime broker or broker-dealer. The insolvency of such prime broker or broker-dealer could seriously damage our operations, and we could lose a substantial portion or all of our assets held with such prime broker or broker- dealer. Securities and other assets deposited with custodians or brokers may not be clearly identified as being our assets, and hence we may be exposed to a credit risk with regard to such parties. Assets which are deposited with our brokers as margin will be available to the creditors of the brokers in the event of the bankruptcy or insolvency of the broker. For example, while brokers are required to segregate client assets from their proprietary assets and are required to hold specified amounts of capital in reserve, client assets are normally held in pooled client accounts for the benefit of all clients. The broker may be able to transfer client assets out of such client accounts in the ordinary course of business, or rehypothecate the assets. If the pro rata share that we receive is less than 100% of what the broker owes us (we are entitled as a matter of law to the cash and marked-to-market value of the securities in our prime brokerage account, minus any indebtedness to the relevant broker), we could recover cash or securities with a marked-to-market value of up to a specified statutory limit from a fund established under U.S. law to reimburse customers of insolvent brokers. If we do not recover all cash and securities, including securities that have been rehypothecated, from our account with a broker after receiving our pro rata share of customer property recovered from the insolvent broker's estate, if any, and maximum payment from the customer reimbursement fund established under U.S. law to reimburse customers of insolvent broker-dealers, we will be an unsecured creditor of the insolvent broker with respect to such shortfall and, therefore, may not be able to recover equivalent assets in full, or at all. In addition, while the return of client property is designed to occur on an expedited basis (usually by transfer of the accounts to a solvent broker), we may be unable to trade the assets that were held by the insolvent broker during this transfer period. In certain circumstances, our assets held at a broker could be at risk if other clients of the broker fail to meet margin requirements and the assets of the broker are insufficient to cover any shortfall. Further, there may be practical or timing problems associated with enforcing our rights to our assets in the case of an insolvency of any such party. In addition, we may use counterparties located in jurisdictions outside the United States. Such local counterparties are subject to the laws and regulations in foreign jurisdictions that are designed to protect their customers in the event of their insolvency. However, the practical effect of these laws and their application to our assets are subject to substantial limitations and uncertainties. Because of the large number of entities and jurisdictions involved and the range of possible factual scenarios involving the insolvency of a counterparty, it is impossible to generalize about the effect of their insolvency on us and our assets. Except to the extent prohibited under the 1940 Act or other applicable laws or regulations, we are not restricted from dealing with any particular counterparty or from concentrating any or all of our transactions with one counterparty. Moreover, the Adviser's evaluation of the creditworthiness of our counterparties may prove inaccurate. Our ability to transact business with any one or more counterparties, the lack of complete and &quot;foolproof&quot; evaluation of the financial capabilities of our counterparties and the absence of a regulated market to facilitate settlement may increase our potential for losses. 35 Reliance on Third-Party Provided Data The Adviser will rely on third parties to provide it with different types of data, including real time, raw, and calculated data via the Internet. We could be adversely affected if our or our data providers' computer systems or infrastructure cannot properly process and calculate the information needed for the Adviser to conduct its trading strategies or if such information provided is incorrect or incomplete. Relationships with Service Providers Certain advisors and other service providers to us or our portfolio companies, including accountants, administrators, lenders, bankers, brokers, attorneys, consultants, investment or commercial banking firms and certain other advisors and agents, as well as affiliates of such service providers, may also provide goods or services to or have business, personal, political, financial or other relationships with the Adviser. Such advisors and service providers may be our shareholders, affiliates of the Adviser, sources of investment opportunities for us or co-investors or counterparties therewith. These relationships may influence the Adviser in deciding whether to select or recommend such a service provider to perform services for us or a portfolio company (the cost of which will generally be borne directly or indirectly by us or such portfolio company, as applicable). In certain circumstances, advisors and service providers, or their affiliates, may charge different rates or have different arrangements for services provided to the Adviser or its respective affiliates as compared to services provided to us and our portfolio companies, which will result in more favorable rates or arrangements than those payable by us or such portfolio companies. Adviser Employee and Service Provider Misconduct The Adviser's reputation is critical to maintaining and developing relationships with existing and prospective investors, as well as with the numerous third parties with which we and the Adviser do business. In recent years, there have been a number of highly publicized cases involving fraud, conflicts of interest, or other misconduct by individuals in the financial services industry, and there is a risk that an employee of, or contractor to, the Adviser or its affiliates could engage in misconduct that adversely affects the investment strategies implemented by the Adviser. Misconduct by employees of the Adviser or by our third-party service providers could cause significant losses to us. Adviser employee misconduct could include, among other things, binding us to transactions that exceed authorized limits or present unacceptable risks and other unauthorized activities or concealing unsuccessful investments (which, in either case, would result in unknown and unmanaged risks or losses), or otherwise charging (or seeking to charge) inappropriate expenses to us or the Adviser. In addition, any improper use or disclosure of confidential information by employees of the adviser and third-party service providers could result in litigation or serious financial harm, including limiting our business prospects or future activities. Furthermore, because of Third Point's diverse asset management business and the regulatory regimes under which they operate, misdeeds by a Third Point entity (or its personnel) could result in foreclosing our ability to conduct our activities in the manner otherwise intended. It is not always possible to deter such misconduct, and the precautions the Adviser takes to detect and prevent such misconduct may not be effective in all cases. Misconduct by an employee of, or contractor to, the Adviser or one of its affiliates, or even unsubstantiated allegations of such misconduct, could result in direct financial harm both to the Adviser and us as well as harm the Adviser's reputation, which would have a materially adverse effect on us. Similar risks may arise from employee misconduct of one of our service providers or those of the Adviser. It is also the case that misconduct at the level of a portfolio company in which we invest could also have a negative effect on such portfolio company, and potentially on us or other Third Point affiliates, and similar challenges in detection, deterrence and prevention apply to an even greater degree at such level. Certain Fiduciary Duties One or more owners, members, principals, officers or employees of the Adviser, Third Point or their respective affiliates (collectively, the &quot; Third Point Persons &quot;), may secure an appointment or advisory position to a portfolio company's creditor committees, board of directors or any other similar body. In doing so, such Third Point Persons may acquire fiduciary duties to a portfolio company and to a portfolio company's shareholders, members, unitholders, partners, other owners or other stakeholders of the relevant portfolio company. Such fiduciary duties may require such Third Point Persons to take actions that are in the best interests of a portfolio company or the shareholders, members, unitholders, partners or other stakeholders, and such Third Point Persons shall endeavor to act in such situations in the best interests of all parties concerned in accordance with the duties (if any) it owes to each such party. Although holding board or advisory positions with portfolio companies may be important to our investment strategy and may improve the Adviser's management ability, such positions could impair our ability to sell the relevant securities or loans when and upon the terms we want, and may subject us and the Adviser to claims we or they would otherwise not be subject to as an investor, including claims of breach of duty of loyalty, corporate waste, securities claims and other trustee-related claims. From time to time, representatives of the Adviser and its affiliates (including Third Point) may not be able to put our interests ahead of the interests of other portfolio companies or clients of Third Point or its affiliates, and it is possible that the Adviser will be unable to take certain actions for us that it otherwise would have taken had such Third Point Persons not served in any such capacities. 36 Reliance on Experts In connection with its management of our portfolio, the Adviser expects to engage and retain strategic advisors, consultants, senior advisors and other similar professionals, including members of &quot;expert networks&quot; who are not employees or affiliates of the Adviser, and which may include former senior officials, and other high-profile political figures, including persons known to be close associates of such individuals. The nature of the relationship with each of these professionals and the amount of time devoted or required to be devoted by them may vary considerably. In certain cases, they provide the Adviser with industry- or jurisdiction-specific insights and feedback on investment themes, assist in transaction due diligence, and make introductions to and provide reference checks on management teams. In other cases, they take on more extensive roles and contribute to the origination of new investment opportunities. In certain instances, the Adviser expects to have formal arrangements with these professionals (which may or may not be terminable upon notice by any party), and in other cases the relationships may be more informal. To the extent such arrangements pertain to the Adviser's overall investment management function, we would generally expect the Adviser to bear any related expenses unless such expenses pertain to due diligence of specific current or proposed portfolio companies, or otherwise fall within a category of investment-specific or administrative expenses normally borne by us. There can be no assurance that any of the consultants or other professionals will continue to serve in such roles or continue their arrangements with the Adviser indefinitely. Further, in the event that material non-public information is obtained by such persons, we may become (or may elect to become) subject to trading restrictions pursuant to the internal trading policies of the Adviser or as a result of applicable law or regulations or be prohibited for a period of time from purchasing or selling securities, which prohibition may have an adverse effect on us. The Third Point Funds and the Adviser may also become subject to legal, regulatory, reputational and other unforeseen risks as a result of these professionals' high-profile positions or other action. Projections and Third-Party Reports We will generally make investments on the basis of projections of the operating results of portfolio companies, the market environment and views/assumptions on default rates, recoveries, interest rate movements and technical market factors. Projected operating results will normally be based primarily on the guidance of the portfolio company's management as well as the Adviser's judgments or third-party advice and reports. In addition, as discussed in &quot; Item 1. Business&mdash;Investment Valuation Process ,&quot; the Adviser, as our Valuation Designee, will engage one or more independent valuation firms to assist in the valuation of our portfolio investments lacking readily available market quotations in accordance with our valuation policy, which will in part be based on projections. For more information about our valuation procedures, see &quot; Item 1. Business&mdash;Valuation Procedures .&quot; In all cases, projections are only estimates of future results that are based upon assumptions made at the time that the projections are developed. There can be no assurance that the projected results will be achieved and actual results may vary significantly from the projections. General economic, natural and other conditions, which are not predictable, can have a negative impact on the reliability of such projections. Moreover, our investments, particularly investments in loans or other forms of indebtedness, may be subject to early redemption features, refinancing options, pre-payment options or similar provisions which, in each case, could result in the issuer or borrower repaying the principal on an obligation held by us earlier than expected (which could result in our return from such investment being less than we anticipated when we made the investment). As a consequence, our ability to achieve our investment objective may be affected. Net Asset Value The net asset value of our Shares and, to the extent a market for our Shares ever develops, the liquidity of the market for our Shares may be significantly affected by numerous factors, some of which are beyond our control and may not be directly related to our operating performance. These factors can include any, or a combination of any, of the following considerations: &middot; changes in the value of our portfolio of investments and derivative instruments as a result of changes in market factors, such as interest rate shifts, and also portfolio-specific performance, such as portfolio company defaults, among other reasons; &middot; changes in regulatory policies or tax guidelines, particularly with respect to RICs or BDCs; &middot; loss of RIC tax treatment or BDC status; &middot; distributions that exceed our net investment income and net income as reported according to U.S. GAAP; &middot; changes in earnings or variations in operating results; &middot; changes in accounting guidelines governing valuation of our investments; &middot; any shortfall in revenue or net income or any increase in losses from levels expected by the shareholders; &middot; departure of the Adviser or certain of its key personnel; &middot; general economic trends and other external factors; and &middot; loss of a major funding source. 37 Increases In Assets Under Management While the Adviser believes that greater assets under management by us or the Adviser is generally an advantage to us, there is also the risk that the greater the amount of assets the Adviser manages, the more difficult it may be for it to invest profitably for us because of the difficulty of trading larger positions without adversely affecting prices and managing risks associated with larger positions. In addition, there can be no assurance that there will be appropriate investment opportunities to accommodate future increase in assets under management, which may force the Adviser to modify its investment decisions for us because it cannot deploy all the assets in a manner it desires. Furthermore, due to the overlap of strategies and investments across many of the other investment funds, investment vehicles, client accounts or proprietary accounts managed or advised by Third Point, such as the Third Point Funds (collectively, the &quot; Other Accounts &quot;), we may be adversely affected in the event of rapid or large liquidations of investment positions held by us due to a lack of liquidity resulting from large position sizes in the same investments held by the Other Accounts. Distributions None of us, the Adviser or our respective affiliates can provide any assurance whatsoever that the Adviser or its respective affiliates, as applicable, will be successful in choosing, making, managing and realizing investments in any particular asset, company or portfolio of assets or companies. There is no assurance that we will be able to generate returns for our investors or that the returns will be commensurate with the risks of investing in the type of assets or companies and transactions described herein. There may be little or no near-term cash flow available to the shareholders from us and there can be no assurance that we will make any distribution to the shareholders. The amount of any distributions we may make on the Shares is uncertain. We may not be able to pay distributions, or be able to sustain distributions at any particular level, and our distributions per Share, if any, may not grow over time, and our distributions per Share may be reduced. We have not established any limit on the extent to which we may use borrowings, if any, and offering proceeds to fund distributions (which may reduce the amount of capital we ultimately invest in portfolio companies). Subject to the Board's discretion and applicable legal restrictions, we generally intend to authorize and declare cash distributions on a quarterly basis and pay such distributions on a quarterly basis. We expect to pay distributions out of any amounts legally available for such purpose, including earnings and profits. We expect quarterly distributions to generally be paid from income primarily generated by interest and dividends earned on our investments. We cannot assure shareholders that we will achieve investment results that will allow us to make a consistent targeted level of cash distributions or year-to-year increases in cash distributions. Our ability to pay distributions might be adversely affected by the impact of the risks described herein. In addition, the inability to satisfy the asset coverage test applicable to us as a BDC under the 1940 Act can limit our ability to pay distributions. Distributions from offering proceeds also could reduce the amount of capital we ultimately invest in debt or equity securities of portfolio companies. We cannot assure shareholders that we will pay distributions to shareholders in the future. Distributions on the Shares may exceed our taxable earnings and profits, particularly during the period before we have substantially invested the net proceeds from the Initial Private Offering. Therefore, portions of the distributions that we pay may represent a return of capital to shareholders. A return of capital is a return of a portion of shareholders' original investment in our Shares. As a result, a return of capital will (i) lower shareholders' tax basis in their Shares and thereby increase the amount of capital gain (or decrease the amount of capital loss) realized upon a subsequent sale or redemption of such Shares, and (ii) reduce the amount of funds we have for investment in portfolio companies. As indicated above, we have not established any limit on the extent to which we may use offering proceeds to fund distributions. We may pay distributions from offering proceeds in anticipation of future cash flow, which may constitute a return of shareholders' capital and will lower shareholders' tax basis in their Shares, thereby increasing the amount of capital gain (or decreasing the amount of capital loss) realized upon a subsequent sale or redemption of such Shares, even if such Shares have not increased in value or have, in fact, lost value. Distributions from offering proceeds also could reduce the amount of capital we ultimately have available to invest in portfolio companies. 38 Competition; Availability of Investments The markets in which we may invest are competitive for attractive investment opportunities and, as a result, there may be reduced expected investment returns. There can be no assurance that the Adviser will be able to identify or successfully pursue attractive investment opportunities in such environments. Among other factors, competition for suitable investments from other pooled investment vehicles, the public equity markets and other investors may reduce the availability of investment opportunities. Competitive investment activity by other firms and institutions will reduce our opportunity for profit by generally increasing price pressure on desired assets, reducing mispricings in the market as well as the margins available on those mispricings that can still be identified. We compete with public and private funds, commercial and investment banks, commercial financing companies, other BDCs and, to the extent they provide an alternative form of financing, private equity funds. Competition for investment opportunities intensifies from time to time and may intensify further in the future. Some of our existing and potential competitors are substantially larger and have considerably greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we do. For example, some competitors may have a lower cost of funds and access to funding sources that are not available to us. In addition, some of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of investments and establish more relationships than us. Furthermore, many of our competitors are not subject to the regulatory restrictions and valuation requirements that the 1940 Act imposes on us as a BDC and that the Code imposes on us as a RIC. We cannot assure you that the competitive pressures we face will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Also, as a result of this existing and potentially increasing competition, we may not be able to take advantage of attractive investment opportunities from time to time, and we can offer no assurance that we will be able to identify and make investments that are consistent with our investment objective. We do not seek to compete primarily based on the interest rates we offer, and we believe that some of our competitors make loans with interest rates that are comparable to or lower than the rates we offer. We may lose investment opportunities if we do not match our competitors' pricing, terms and structure. The loss of such investment opportunities may limit our ability to grow or cause us to have to shrink the size of our portfolio, which could decrease our earnings. If we match our competitors' pricing, terms and structure, we may experience decreased net interest income and increased risk of credit loss. Furthermore, while we believe that the current market environment presents an attractive investment opportunity for a newly capitalized entrant, such as us, which is unencumbered by the legacy investments and credit impairments of legacy direct lenders, certain regulatory relief offered to BDCs may make our competitors more flexible. As such, our perceived competitive advantages as a newly capitalized entrant may not materialize as anticipated. There can be no assurance that we will be able to identify, locate, complete or exit investments satisfying our investment criteria or that such investments will satisfy our investment and performance objectives. Likewise, there can be no assurance that we will be able to realize upon the values of our investments or that we will be able to invest our capital (including undrawn Capital Commitments). To the extent that we encounter competition for investments, returns to shareholders are likely to be negatively impacted. There can be no assurance that there will be a sufficient number of suitable investment opportunities satisfying our investment objective to enable us to invest all of our Capital Commitments, or that such investment opportunities will lead to completed investments by us. Identification of attractive investment opportunities is and will be difficult and the availability of investment opportunities generally is and will be subject to market conditions and the prevailing regulatory and economic climate. Other Accounts; Certain Trading and Investments The Adviser (and affiliates of the Adviser) may determine to organize or manage Other Accounts (including separately managed accounts) that overlap with our investment strategy and objective from time to time, which may offer investors benefits that shareholders will not receive in relation to their investments such as increased liquidity, the right to impose investment restrictions or guidelines, heightened reporting and reduced managed fees or incentive fees. The Adviser is not required to notify shareholders of the terms applicable to such Other Accounts, and such increased liquidity or other differences in investor benefits offered may have an adverse effect on us. As a BDC regulated under the 1940 Act, we will be subject to certain limitations relating to our ability invest in, participate in joint transactions with and co-invest in opportunities alongside affiliates, including the Other Accounts. See &quot; &mdash;Co-Investments and Transactions with Affiliates &quot; below. Although not part of our core investment strategy, we may investment from time to time in other pooled investment vehicles, including private funds or similar investment structures, subject to limitations imposed under the 1940 Act. To the extent we invest in existing or newly-formed pooled investment vehicles in the future, such investment activity may subject us to additional risks. For example, in some circumstances, pooled investment vehicles that have received significant redemption or withdrawal requests may suspend or limit redemptions or withdrawals, including redemptions or withdrawals by us, which may adversely impact our performance. Furthermore, pooled investment vehicles may invest on the basis of certain short-term market considerations. As a result, to the extent we invest in them, the turnover rate with such pooled investment vehicles may be significant, potentially involving substantial brokerage commissions, fees and other transactions costs. In addition, we will bear our pro rata share of the expenses of such pooled investment vehicles, all of which could adversely affect our returns. 39 Minority Equity Investments We may make minority equity investments, or may make investments in &quot;club&quot; deals alongside entities sponsored by other private credit or private equity firms, in portfolio companies where we may not be in a position to exercise control over the management of such companies, have the right to appoint a director/trustee or otherwise be able to control or effectively influence the business or affairs of such entities. In such cases, we would have a limited ability to protect an equity position in such companies. The entity in which we make an investment may have economic or business interests or goals that are inconsistent with ours, and we may not be in a position to limit or otherwise protect the value of our investment in the portfolio company. In addition, although we may seek board representation in connection with certain investments, there is no assurance that such representation, if sought, will be obtained. In all such cases, we will rely significantly on the existing management and boards of trustees of portfolio companies, which may include representatives of investors with whom we are not affiliated and whose interests may conflict with our interests. Cybersecurity We, the Adviser, our service providers and our portfolio companies are subject to risks associated with a breach in cybersecurity. Cybersecurity is a generic term used to describe the technology, processes and practices designed to protect networks, systems, computers, programs and data from both intentional cyber-attacks and hacking by other computer users as well as unintentional damage or interruption that, in either case, can result in damage and disruption to hardware and software systems, loss or corruption of data, or misappropriation of confidential information. For example, information and technology systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from computer viruses, network failures, computer and telecommunication failures, infiltration by unauthorized persons ( e.g. , through &quot;hacking,&quot; malicious software coding, social engineering or &quot;phishing&quot; attempts) and security breaches, usage errors by their respective professionals, power outages and catastrophic events such as fires, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes and earthquakes. Such damage or interruptions to information technology systems may cause losses to us or individual shareholders by interfering with the processing of shareholder transactions, affecting our ability to calculate net asset value or impeding or sabotaging trading. We may also incur substantial costs as the result of a cybersecurity breach, including those associated with forensic analysis of the origin and scope of the breach, increased and upgraded cybersecurity, identity theft, unauthorized use of proprietary information, litigation, adverse investor reaction, the dissemination of confidential and proprietary information and reputational damage. Cybersecurity failures or breaches by the Adviser and other service providers (including, but not limited to, accountants, custodians, transfer agents and administrators), and the issuers of securities in which we invest, have the ability to cause disruptions and impact business operations, potentially resulting in financial losses, interference with our ability to calculate net asset value, impediments to trading, the inability of our shareholders to transact business, violations of applicable privacy and other laws, regulatory fines, penalties, reimbursement or other compensation costs, as well as additional compliance costs. Any cybersecurity breach could expose both us and the Adviser (which in turn may be indemnified by us) to civil liability as well as regulatory inquiry or action. In addition, substantial costs may be incurred in order to prevent any cyber incidents in the future. Shareholders could also be exposed to losses resulting from unauthorized use of their personal information. While the Adviser has implemented various measures to manage risks associated with cybersecurity breaches, including establishing business continuity plans and systems designed to prevent cyber-attacks, there are inherent limitations in such plans and systems, including the possibility that certain risks have not been identified. Similar types of cybersecurity risks also are present for issuers of securities in which we invest, which could affect their business and financial performance, resulting in material adverse consequences for such issuers, and causing our investment in such securities to lose value. We cannot control the cybersecurity plans and systems put in place by our service providers and issuers in which we invest. We and our shareholders could be negatively impacted as a result. The costs related to cyber or other security threats or disruptions may not be fully insured or indemnified by other means. In addition, cybersecurity has become a top priority for regulators around the world, and some jurisdictions have enacted laws requiring companies to notify individuals of data security breaches involving certain types of personal data. If we fail to comply with the relevant laws and regulations, we could suffer financial losses, a disruption of our businesses, liability to investors, regulatory intervention or reputational damage. The loss or improper access, use or disclosure of Third Point's, the Adviser's or our proprietary information may cause Third Point, the Adviser or us to suffer, among other things, financial loss, the disruption of our businesses, liability to third parties, regulatory intervention or reputational damage. Any of the foregoing events could have a negative effect on us. Social Media The use of social networks such as Facebook, Twitter and Instagram, message boards such as Reddit and other internet channels has become widespread within the U.S. and globally. As a result, individuals now have the ability to rapidly and broadly disseminate information or misinformation without relying on traditional media intermediaries. Information often spreads rapidly across large segments of the U.S. and global population, frequently without any independent verification as to its accuracy, which has led to the spread of misinformation in many cases. The spread of information or misinformation regarding us and our investments could result in material and adverse effects either of the foregoing. Furthermore, certain administrators of or other service providers to social networks, message boards, app stores, websites and other internet outlets have taken actions to ban, block, verify or censor the content disseminated on their networks. Such actions, or similar actions taken by government regulators or courts, could negatively affect our investments ( e.g. , if an issuer of an investment were to face public backlash or regulatory penalties for taking such actions, or if an issuer of an investment were itself the subject of such a ban). 40 Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning Developments Recent technological advances in artificial intelligence and machine learning technology (collectively, &quot; Machine Learning Technology &quot;), including OpenAI's release of its ChatGPT application, pose risks to Third Point, the Adviser, us and our investments. We and the Adviser continue to evaluate and adjust internal policies governing the use of Machine Learning Technology by our personnel, including in connection with investment activities. Notwithstanding any such policies, Third Point, the Adviser, the Fund, our investments and affiliates, partners, members, shareholders, officers, directors and employees of the foregoing could, unbeknownst to us, utilize Machine Learning Technology in contravention of such policies. Third Point, the Adviser, the Fund and our investments could be further exposed to the risks of Machine Learning Technology if third-party service providers or any counterparties, whether or not known to us or the Adviser, also use Machine Learning Technology in their business activities. We and the Adviser will not necessarily be in a position to control the manner in which third-party products are developed or maintained or the manner in which third-party services are provided, even where we have sought contractual protection against such use. The use of Machine Learning Technology by any of the parties described in the previous paragraph could include the input of confidential information, including material non-public information (either by third parties in contravention of non-disclosure agreements, or by our employees or the employees of the Adviser or the aforementioned affiliates and partners in contravention of the Adviser's and our policies) into Machine Learning Technology applications, resulting in such confidential information becoming part of a dataset that is accessible by other third-party Machine Learning Technology applications and users. For further information regarding the risks associated with information security see &quot; &mdash;Cybersecurity &quot; and &quot; &mdash;Data Protection. &quot; Location and Infrastructure Most of the key personnel of the Adviser are located in one building in midtown Manhattan. Loss of the building or key personnel, whether through fire, terrorist action, earthquake or some other catastrophic event, could adversely affect our operations and our investment returns. A serious impairment to the infrastructure of the building such as extended loss of power or a prolonged restriction of physical access to the building by governmental authorities also could adversely affect the Adviser's operations and our investment returns. The Adviser has contracted for offsite data back-up and recovery and has a disaster recovery plan for offsite operation, but the risk of disruption of operations remains. Similar risks may apply to our other service providers, including our custodian. Terrorist Action There is a risk of terrorist attacks on the United States and elsewhere causing significant loss of life and property damage and disruptions in the global market. Economic and diplomatic sanctions may be in place or imposed on certain states and military action may be commenced. The impact of such events is unclear, but could have a material effect on general economic conditions, market liquidity and the Adviser's ability to manage us. Force Majeure Risks We will be subject to the risk of loss arising from exposure that we may incur, directly or indirectly, due to the occurrence of various force majeure events ( i.e. , events beyond the control of the party claiming that the event has occurred, including, without limitation, acts of God, fire, flood, earthquakes, outbreaks of infectious disease, pandemic or any other serious public health concern, war, terrorism, labor strikes, major plant breakdowns, pipeline or electricity line ruptures, failure of technology, defective design and construction, accidents, demographic changes, government macroeconomic policies, and social instability). Such events are beyond the control of the Adviser, and may negatively affect the economy, infrastructure and livelihood of people throughout the world, as well as us and our investments. Some force majeure events may negatively affect the ability of a party (including us (and our affiliate), the Adviser (and its affiliates), a portfolio company in which we invest or a counterparty to either us or a portfolio company in which we invest) to perform its obligations until such force majeure event is no longer existent. In addition, the cost to us of repairing or replacing damaged assets resulting from such force majeure event could be considerable. Certain force majeure events (such as war or an outbreak of infectious disease) could have a broader negative impact on the world economy and international business activity generally, or in any of the countries in which we may invest specifically. Additionally, a major governmental intervention into industry, including the nationalization of an industry or the assertion of control over one or more companies or assets, could result in a loss to us, including if our investment in such company or asset is canceled, unwound or acquired (which could be without what we consider to be adequate compensation). In some cases, transaction agreements or other agreements may provide for termination of the agreement if a force majeure event occurs that is so catastrophic as to render the parties incapable of remedy within a reasonable, pre-agreed period. During the COVID-19 pandemic, these provisions resulted in costly litigation for some companies and in future disruption scenarios, similarly costly litigation may occur. Force majeure clauses may be drafted or construed narrowly in a manner that would not cover a particular event that might occur, such as a pandemic or global public health crisis. If this were to occur, there could be an adverse impact on us, and we may become party to protracted and costly litigation. Any of the foregoing may therefore negatively affect our performance and our investments. 41 Risks Relating to Our Business Flexible Investment Approach The Adviser has broad investment authority, and may cause us to invest in any type of security, issuer or group of related issuers, country, region and sector that is consistent with the investment strategies described in this Registration Statement and that the Adviser believes will help us achieve our investment objective, except to the extent limited by the 1940 Act or other laws or regulations applicable to us, including the asset diversification requirements with which we will be required to comply in order to qualify as a RIC for U.S. tax purposes. The Adviser has broad latitude with respect to the management of our risk parameters. The Adviser will opportunistically implement whatever strategies, risk management techniques or discretionary approaches, as well as such other investment tactics as are consistent with the investment strategies described in this Registration Statement and that the Adviser believes from time to time may be suited to prevailing market conditions. Shareholders must recognize that by investing in us, they are placing their capital indirectly under the discretionary management of the Adviser and authorizing the Adviser indirectly to trade for us and to implement whatever strategies, risk management techniques or discretionary approaches, as well as other investment tactics, in such manner as the Adviser may determine and as is consistent with our investment strategies. The Adviser may also use such leverage, position size, duration and other portfolio management techniques as it believes are appropriate for us, subject to the requirements of the 1940 Act and other limitations described in this Registration Statement. Any of the investment strategies, techniques, discretionary approaches and investment tactics that our Adviser may use may not be thoroughly tested before being employed and may have operational or other shortcomings which could result in unsuccessful investments and, ultimately, losses to us. In addition, our Board has broad authority to modify or waive our current investment criteria, investment strategies and operating policies without prior notice and without shareholder approval. We cannot predict the effect any changes to our current investment criteria, investment strategies or operating policies would have on our business, net asset value, or operating results, and any new investment strategy, technique or tactics that we use may be more speculative than previously utilized investment techniques or discretionary tactics, and may involve material and as-yet-unanticipated risks that could increase the overall risk associated with an investment in us. There can be no assurance that the Adviser will be successful in applying its approach and there is material risk that a shareholder may suffer significant impairment or total loss of its capital. Capital Structure Arbitrage In certain circumstances, the execution of a distressed investing strategy will depend on the ability of the Adviser to identify and successfully execute the relationships between movements in different instruments within an issuer's capital structure ( e.g. , bank debt, convertible and non-convertible senior and subordinated debt and preferred and common stock). Identifying and successfully executing on these opportunities involves uncertainty. In the event that the perceived pricing inefficiencies underlying an issuer's instruments were to fail to materialize as expected by the Adviser, we could incur a loss. Cyclicality Certain sectors that we may target are highly cyclical and subject to significant fluctuation due to competition, the high level of government regulation, general economic conditions, the level of interest rates, the state of the public equity markets, catastrophic events, general social conditions and other factors. This cyclicality has produced periods characterized by intense price competition due to excess underwriting capacity as well as periods during which shortages of capacity resulted in high premium levels. It is difficult to predict the timing of such events with certainty or to estimate the amount of loss that any given event will generate. The returns on our investments may therefore be lower in certain periods. For example, the financial performance of credit-related investments, which includes both regulated institutions, such as depositories, as well as specialty finance and asset management investments, are susceptible to the cyclicality associated with the sector. Although an individual credit platform's financial performance depends in part upon its own specific business characteristics, there are macroeconomic factors that could result in more benign or severe investment environments. We are expected to continue to experience the effects of this cyclicality. Changes to Our Operating Policies and Strategies Our Board has the authority to modify or waive our current operating policies, investment criteria and strategies without prior notice and without shareholder approval. We cannot predict the effect any changes to our current operating policies, investment criteria and strategies would have on our business, net asset value, operating results and value of our Shares. However, the effects might be adverse, which could negatively impact our ability to pay shareholders distributions and cause shareholders to lose all or part of their investment in our Shares. Moreover, we have significant flexibility in investing the net proceeds from our offering and may use the net proceeds from our offering in ways with which shareholders may not agree or for purposes other than those contemplated in this Registration Statement. See &quot; Item 7. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Trustee Independence&mdash;Operating Policies &quot; for additional information. 42 Follow-On Investments We may make follow-on investments in certain portfolio companies or have the opportunity to increase an investment in certain portfolio companies. There can be no assurance that we will wish to make follow-on investments or that we will have sufficient funds to do so. Any decision by us not to make follow-on investments or our inability to make them may have a substantial negative impact on a portfolio company in need of such an investment or may diminish our ability to influence the portfolio company's future development. Our ability to make follow-on investments may also be limited by the Adviser's allocation policies and procedures. Loan Origination We may elect to acquire or originate loans or other debt instruments (or pools thereof) with the intention of syndicating to third parties a portion or potentially all of our investment following the initial signing or consummation thereof. If we are unable to sell, assign or successfully close transactions for participations in the loans that we acquire or originate, we will be forced to hold our excess interest in such loans for an indeterminate period of time. This could result in our investments being over-concentrated in certain borrowers. Bank Loans We may invest in loans and loan participations originated by banks and other financial institutions. These investments may include highly-leveraged loans to borrowers with below investment grade credit ratings. Such loans are typically private corporate secured loans that are negotiated by one or more commercial banks or financial institutions and syndicated among a group of commercial banks and financial institutions. In order to induce the lenders to extend credit and to offer a favorable interest rate, the borrower (whose equity may be publicly-traded) often provides the lenders with extensive information about its business that is not generally available to the public. To the extent that we obtain such information and it is material and nonpublic, we may be unable to trade in the other securities of the borrower until the information is disclosed to the public or otherwise ceases to be material, nonpublic information. A failure by us to advance requested funds to a borrower could result in claims against us and in possible assertions of offsets against amounts previously lent. Depending on the way in which we acquire our interest in a bank loan, we may be exposed to credit risks of both the borrower and the institution which sold us our interest in the loan. Also, bank loan transfers typically require consent of the issuer and agent bank, so the settlement period is longer and creates increased credit and counterparty risk. First Lien Loans First lien loans hold the most senior position in the capital structure of a business entity and are typically, but not necessarily, secured with specific collateral that is senior to that held by unsecured creditors, subordinated debt holders and shareholders of the borrower. The first lien loans in which we will invest are likely to be collateralized and may be rated below investment grade or may also be unrated. As a result, the risks associated with first lien loans may be similar to the risks of below investment grade instruments, although first lien loans are typically senior and secured in contrast to other below investment grade instruments, which may be subordinated or unsecured. Nevertheless, if a borrower under a first lien defaults, becomes insolvent or goes into bankruptcy, we may recover only a fraction of what is owed on the senior loan or nothing at all. First lien loans are subject to a number of risks described elsewhere in this Registration Statement, including credit risk and liquidity risk. Although the first lien loans in which we will invest may be secured by collateral, there can be no assurance that such collateral could be readily liquidated or that the liquidation of such collateral would satisfy a borrower's obligation in the event of non-payment of scheduled interest or principal. In the event of the bankruptcy or insolvency of a borrower, we could experience delays or limitations with respect to our ability to realize the benefits of the collateral securing a senior loan. Such collateral may be subject to complex, competing legal claims and any applicable legal or regulatory requirements which may restrict the giving of collateral or security by a borrower under a loan, such as, for example, thin capitalization, over-indebtedness, financial assistance and corporate benefit requirements. In addition, security interests may be unperfected for a variety of reasons, including the failure to make required filings by lenders, and we may not have priority over other creditors. In the event of a decline in the value of the already pledged collateral, if the terms of a first lien loan do not require the borrower to pledge additional collateral, we will be exposed to the risk that the value of the collateral will not at all times equal or exceed the amount of the borrower's obligations under the first lien loans. Even if such loans do require the borrower to pledge additional collateral, there is no warranty the borrower will be able to pledge collateral of sufficient value or at all. To the extent that a first lien loan is collateralized by stock in the borrower or its subsidiaries, such stock may lose some or all of its value in the event of the bankruptcy or insolvency of the borrower. Those first lien loans that are under-collateralized involve a greater risk of loss. In the context of cross-border lending it is possible that the rights actually enjoyed by lenders will be adversely affected by the interplay of the rules of the various applicable legal systems. 43 Second Lien Loans It is expected that we will invest in loans that are secured by a second lien on assets. Second lien loans have been a developed market for a relatively short period of time, and there is limited historical data on the performance of second lien loans in adverse economic circumstances. In addition, second lien loan products are subject to intercreditor arrangements with the holders of first lien indebtedness, pursuant to which the second lien holders have waived many of the rights of a secured creditor, and some rights of unsecured creditors, including rights in bankruptcy, which can negatively affect recoveries. While there is broad market acceptance of some second lien intercreditor terms, no clear market standard has developed for certain other material intercreditor terms for second lien loan products. This variation in key intercreditor terms may result in dissimilar recoveries across otherwise similarly situated second lien loans in insolvency or distressed situations. While uncertainty of recovery in an insolvency or distressed situation is inherent in all debt instruments, second lien loan products carry more risks than certain other debt products. For reasons not necessarily attributable to any of the risks set forth in this Registration Statement, the prices of the debt instruments in which we invest may decline substantially. It may not be possible to predict, or to hedge against, such &quot;spread-widening&quot; risk. Additionally, the perceived discount in pricing may still not reflect the true value of the assets underlying debt instruments in which we invest, and therefore further deteriorations in value with respect thereto may occur following our investment therein. For example, after mid-2007, the market for many loan instruments, including second lien loans, contracted significantly, which made virtually all leveraged loan instruments, particularly second lien loan instruments, less liquid or illiquid. Many participants ceased underwriting and purchasing certain second lien loan Instruments. There can be no assurance that the market for second lien loans will not experience future contractions. Unitranche Loans A unitranche loan blends each tranche of a debt financing into a single tranche combining senior and subordinated loan debt. A unitranche loan in our investment portfolio will therefore be subject to the same risk factors as senior and subordinated loans set out elsewhere in this Registration Statement. A unitranche loan may, in some cases, have a longer maturity than a senior secured loan and, because it combines senior and subordinated debt, it may be provided in a larger size, often by one or two counterparts as opposed to a club or syndicate. Its broader risk parameters and larger size often lead to more bespoke features, and in some cases the lender taking an observer seat on the borrower's board. Debtor-in-Possession Loans It is expected that from time to time, we may invest in or extend loans to debtors that have filed for protection under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code or equivalent protections under the laws of other jurisdictions. These debtor-in-possession (&quot; DIP &quot;) loans are most often revolving working-capital facilities put into place at the outset of a Chapter 11 case to provide the debtor with both immediate cash and the ongoing working capital that will be required during the reorganization process. While such loans are generally less risky than many other types of loans as a result of their seniority in the debtor's capital structure and because their terms have been approved by a federal bankruptcy court order, it is possible that the debtor's reorganization efforts may fail and the proceeds of the ensuing liquidation of the DIP lender's collateral might be insufficient to repay in full the DIP loan. Risks Related to Investments in Loans We expect to invest primarily by making loans, either through primary issuances or in secondary transactions, including potentially on a synthetic basis. The value of such loans may be detrimentally affected to the extent a borrower defaults on its obligations. There can be no assurance that the value we assign to collateralize an underlying loan can be realized upon liquidation, nor can there be any assurance that any such collateral will retain its value. Furthermore, circumstances could arise (such as in the bankruptcy of a borrower) that could cause our security interest in the loan's collateral to be invalidated. Also, much of the collateral will be subject to restrictions on transfer that are intended to satisfy securities regulations, which will limit the number of potential purchasers if we intend to liquidate such collateral. The amount realizable with respect to a loan may be detrimentally affected if a guarantor, if any, fails to meet its obligations under a guarantee. Finally, to the extent a borrower defaults, we may incur additional costs in order to collect on the defaulted loan and, if applicable, to take possession of the applicable collateral, which collateral may take the form of various asset types. 44 Debtor Risks A fundamental risk associated with our investment activities is that the portfolio companies in whose debt we invest will be unable to make principal and interest payments when due or at all. Portfolio companies in which we invest could deteriorate as a result of an adverse development in their business, a change in the competitive environment, an economic downturn or legal, tax, accounting or regulatory changes, among other factors. As a result, portfolio companies which we expected to be stable may experience financial or business difficulties, including operating at a loss or having significant variations in operating results or requiring substantial additional capital to support their operations or to maintain their competitive position, or may otherwise have a weak financial condition or be experiencing financial distress. The portfolio companies in which we invest may be highly leveraged, and there is no restriction on the amount of debt a borrower can incur. Such indebtedness may add additional risk with respect to such portfolio company, and could (i) limit its ability to borrow money for its working capital, capital expenditures, debt service requirements, strategic initiatives or other purposes; (ii) require it to dedicate a substantial portion of its cash flow from operations to the repayment of its indebtedness, thereby reducing funds available to it for other purposes; (iii) make it more highly leveraged than some of its competitors, which may place it at a competitive disadvantage; or (iv) subject it to restrictive financial and operating covenants, which may preclude it from favorable business activities or the financing of future operations or other capital needs. In some cases, proceeds of debt incurred by a portfolio company could be paid as a dividend to stockholders rather than retained by the portfolio company for its working capital. Leveraged companies are often more sensitive to declines in revenues, increases in expenses, and adverse business, political, or financial developments or economic factors, such as a significant rise in interest rates, a severe downturn in the economy or deterioration in the condition of such companies or their industries. A leveraged company's income and net assets will tend to increase or decrease at a greater rate than if borrowed money were not used. If a company is unable to generate sufficient cash flow to meet principal and interest payments on its indebtedness, it may be forced to take other actions to satisfy its obligations under its indebtedness. These alternative measures may include reducing or delaying capital expenditures, selling assets, seeking additional capital, or restructuring or refinancing indebtedness. Any of these actions could significantly reduce the value of our investment in such portfolio company. If such strategies are not successful and do not permit a portfolio company to meet its scheduled debt service obligations, such portfolio companies may be forced into liquidation, dissolution or insolvency, and the value of our investment in such portfolio company could be significantly reduced or even eliminated. Moreover, companies in which we invest may face intense competition, including competition from companies with greater financial resources, more extensive development, manufacturing, marketing and other capabilities, and a larger number of qualified managerial and technical personnel. Highly Leveraged Companies Our investments are expected to include companies whose capital structures have significant leverage either before or during our investment. Instruments issued by such companies may have limited covenants ( e.g. , &quot;covenant lite&quot; instruments), and the lack of robust covenants can increase the risk associated with an investment in such issuers. While investments in leveraged issuers offer the opportunity for capital appreciation and our Adviser approaches leverage in a manner it believes to be prudent, such investments also involve a higher degree of risk. Our investments will involve varying degrees of leverage, which could magnify the impact of circumstances such as unfavorable market or economic conditions, operating problems and other changes that affect the relevant issuer or its industry, resulting in a more pronounced effect of such circumstances on the profitability or prospects of such issuers. In using leverage, these issuers are typically subject to terms and conditions that include restrictive financial and operating covenants, which may impair their ability to finance or otherwise pursue their future operations or otherwise satisfy additional capital needs. Moreover, rising interest rates will, unless such rates are fixed pursuant to the terms of any such indebtedness, significantly increase such issuers' interest expense, causing losses or the inability to service debt levels. If an issuer cannot generate adequate cash flow to meet its debt obligations, we are likely to suffer a partial or total loss of capital invested in the company. Limited Amortization Requirements We may invest in loans (including collateralized loan obligation (&quot; CLO &quot;) securities) that have limited mandatory amortization requirements. While such a loan may obligate a portfolio company to repay the loan out of asset sale proceeds or with annual excess cash flow, such requirements may be subject to substantial limitations or &quot;baskets&quot; that would allow a portfolio company to retain such proceeds or cash flow, thereby extending the expected weighted average life of the investment. In addition, a low level of amortization of any debt over the life of the investment may increase the risk that a portfolio company will not be able to repay or refinance the loans we hold when they come due at their final stated maturity. Thinly-Traded, Non-Publicly Traded and Illiquid Securities Investments we hold may be thinly-traded or may lack a liquid trading market altogether, which may result in us being unable to sell any such investment (or do so at desirable prices), or to close out a transaction (or do so at desirable prices) or to cover the short sale of an investment, thereby forcing us to incur potentially unlimited losses. 45 Investments may be subject to limitations on resale. Limitations on resale may have an adverse effect on the marketability of portfolio investments and we might be unable to dispose of investments purchased in private placements or other illiquid securities promptly or at reasonable prices. We might also have to register such restricted investments in order to dispose of them resulting in additional expense and delay. In such circumstances, we may be subject to additional potential liabilities as a seller of such investments under a registration statement or similar document. Adverse market conditions could impede such a public offering of investments. Moreover, determining the fair value of thinly-traded, non-publicly traded and other illiquid investments is challenging, and the values ascribed to such investments are likely to involve certain subjective assumptions. Investments in Privately Held Companies We will acquire a significant percentage of our portfolio company investments from privately held companies in directly negotiated transactions. Substantially all of these investments are subject to legal and other restrictions on resale or are otherwise less liquid than exchange-listed securities or other securities for which there is an active trading market. We typically would be unable to exit these investments unless and until the portfolio company has a liquidity event such as a sale, refinancing, or initial public offering. The illiquidity of our investments may make it difficult or impossible for us to sell such investments if the need arises. In addition, if we are required to liquidate all or a portion of our portfolio quickly, we may realize significantly less than the value at which we have previously recorded our investments, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The sale of restricted and illiquid instruments often requires more time and results in higher brokerage charges or dealer discounts and other selling expenses than does the sale of instruments eligible for trading on national securities exchanges or in the over-the-counter markets. Moreover, investments purchased by us that are liquid at the time of purchase may subsequently become illiquid due to events relating to the issuer, market events, economic conditions or investor perceptions. Exit strategies that appear to be viable when an investment is initiated may be precluded by the time the investment is ready to be realized due to economic, legal, political or other factors. See &quot; &mdash;Uncertain Exit Strategies .&quot; Investments in Non-Sponsor Companies Non-sponsor businesses with complex business models or specific business challenges may make it difficult for lenders to understand, value, and evaluate such entities. If such a prospective borrower has little-to-no revenue or earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, or EBITDA, it may be unable to secure financing from traditional lenders due to its inability to meet traditional risk assessment criteria. In these instances, a debt-to-EBITDA approach may not be appropriate to adequately evaluate the potential lending opportunity. Instead, the evaluation of the credit-worthy nature of such company may require a value-oriented approach that involves targeting low loan-to-value ratios and negotiating highly-structured investments with bespoke covenants, contingencies and terms that help mitigate the business-specific risks of the borrower. Such evaluations require a substantial subjectivity and can create additional risks not present in traditional lending approaches. In addition, non-sponsor businesses may lack the same financial expertise of sponsored businesses, and thus may require increased monitoring by us and may raise our costs associated with such a loan. Further, due to the lack of experience of some non-sponsored borrowers in sophisticated corporate finance arrangements as compared to sponsored businesses, we may incur additional costs and difficulty with respect to any future changes to a loan to a non-sponsored business, such as in the context of a future workout on the non-sponsor loan. Interest Rates We may be adversely affected by changes in interest rates. Interest rates are determined by factors of supply and demand in the international money markets and can be influenced by macro-economic factors, speculation and other forms of government intervention. We may experience increased interest rate risk to the extent we invest, if at all, in lower-rated instruments, debt instruments with longer maturities, debt instruments paying no interest (such as zero-coupon debt instruments) or debt instruments paying non-cash interest in the form of other debt instruments. Factors that can affect market interest rates include, without limitation, inflation, deflation, slow or stagnant economic growth or recession, unemployment, money supply, governmental monetary policies, international disorders, instability in domestic and foreign financial markets and stimulus measures intended to counteract other events ( e.g. , a public health crisis). The timing of and extent to which central banks implement any measures, including adjustments of interest rates, is outside Third Point's control, and there can be no assurance regarding the extent to which any changes in interest rates will or will not occur. In a changing interest rate environment, it is possible that we will not be able to manage this risk effectively. If we are unable to manage interest rate risk effectively, our performance could be adversely affected. While we are permitted to seek to do so, we are not required to hedge our interest rate risk. 46 Our debt investments may be based on floating rates, such as the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (&quot; SOFR &quot;), the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (&quot; EURIBOR &quot;), the Federal Funds Rate or the prime rate or, with respect to loans or securities originated prior to June 30, 2023, London Interbank Offer Rate (&quot; LIBOR &quot;). General interest rate fluctuations may have a substantial negative impact on the investments, the value of the Shares and the rate of return on invested capital. A reduction in the interest rates on new investments relative to interest rates on current investments could also have an adverse impact on our net interest income. The value of the fixed rate instruments in which we may invest generally will have an inverse relationship with interest rates. Accordingly, if interest rates rise, the value of such instruments would be likely to decline. In addition, to the extent that the receivables or loans underlying specific instruments are pre-payable without penalty or premium, the value of such instruments likely would be negatively affected by increasing prepayments, which generally occur when interest rates decline. A change in interest rates could also increase the interest expense, thereby decreasing the net investment income and causing losses or the inability to service debt levels. If an issuer cannot generate adequate cash flow to meet its debt obligations, we are likely to suffer a partial or total loss of capital invested in the company. Also, an increase in interest rates available to investors could make investment in our Shares less attractive if we are not able to increase the dividend rate, which could reduce the value of the Shares. A rise in the general level of interest rates can be expected to lead to a change in the interest rate we receive on many of our debt investments. Accordingly, an increase in the general level of interest rates could make it easier for us to meet or exceed the quarterly performance threshold and may result in a substantial increase in the amount of Investment Income Incentive Fee payable to the Adviser. Because of the structure of the Investment Income Incentive Fee, it is possible that we may pay an Investment Income Incentive Fee in a calendar quarter in which we incur a net loss. For example, if we earn pre-Incentive Fee net investment income in excess of the quarterly preferred return, we will pay the applicable Investment Income Incentive Fee even if we have incurred a loss in that calendar quarter due to realized and unrealized capital losses. Investments in New Instruments Investments in primary issuances of instruments (or in secondary purchases of recently-issued instruments) may involve higher risks than investments in more established instruments due to a variety of factors, including the limited universe of instruments available for trading, unseasoned trading, lack of investor knowledge of the issuer and limited operating history of the issuer. In addition, some such issuers are involved in relatively new industries or lines of business, which may not be widely understood by investors. Some of these issuers may be undercapitalized or otherwise less mature than other issuers. These factors may contribute to substantial price volatility for such instruments and, thus, for us. Mezzanine Debt It is expected that from time to time, we may invest in mezzanine debt. Mezzanine debt typically is junior to the obligations of an issuer to senior creditors, trade creditors and employees. Our ability to influence such issuer's affairs, especially during periods of financial distress or following an insolvency, will be substantially less than that of senior creditors. Mezzanine debt instruments are often issued in connection with leveraged acquisitions or recapitalizations in which an issuer incurs a substantially higher amount of indebtedness than the level at which it previously had operated. Default rates for mezzanine debt instruments historically have been higher than for investment-grade instruments. In the event of the insolvency of an issuer or similar event, our debt investment therein will be subject to fraudulent conveyance, subordination and preference laws. Fixed Income Securities Generally We may invest in fixed income securities. Investment in these securities may offer opportunities for income and capital appreciation, and may also be used for temporary defensive purposes and to maintain liquidity. Fixed income securities are obligations of the issuer to make payments of principal and/or interest on future dates, and include, among other securities: bank debt, bonds, notes and debentures issued by corporations; debt securities issued or guaranteed by the U.S. government or one of its agencies or instrumentalities or by a non-U.S. government or one of its agencies or instrumentalities; municipal securities; and mortgage-backed and other asset-backed securities (&quot; ABS &quot;). These securities may pay fixed, variable or floating rates of interest, and may include zero-coupon obligations. Fixed income securities are subject to the risk of the issuer's or a guarantor's inability to meet principal and interest payments on its obligations ( i.e. , credit risk) and are subject to price volatility due to factors such as interest rate sensitivity, market perception of the creditworthiness of the issuer, general market liquidity ( i.e. , market risk), government interference, economic news and investor sentiment. To the extent we invest in fixed income investments, such investments may be subject to early redemption features, refinancing options, pre-payment options or similar provisions which, in each case, could result in the issuer repaying the principal on an obligation we hold earlier than expected. This may happen when there is a decline in interest rates, or when a borrower's performance allows the refinancing of certain classes of debt with lower cost debt. To the extent such early prepayments increase, they may have a material adverse effect on our investment objective and the profits on capital invested in fixed income investments. As with other investments we make, there may not be a liquid market for any of the debt instruments in which we invest, which may limit our ability to sell these debt instruments or to obtain the desired price. We may also purchase loans as participations and act as a provider for warehousing (or similar accommodations) for any financial instruments, and we may be subject to the credit risk of the selling financial institution as well as that of the underlying borrower. 47 We may attempt to take advantage of undervalued fixed income securities or relative mispricings in disrupted credit markets. The identification of attractive investment opportunities in disrupted credit markets is difficult and involves a significant degree of uncertainty. During periods of &quot;credit squeezes&quot; or &quot;flights to quality,&quot; the market for fixed income investments can become substantially reduced. This poses a particular risk that leveraged credit instrument positions we hold may need to be sold at discounts to fair value in order to meet margin calls. At the same time, the dealers may correspondingly reduce the value of outstanding positions, resulting in additional margin calls as loan to value triggers are hit under prime brokerage and swap agreements. PIK Interest Payments Certain of our debt investments may contain provisions providing for the payment of PIK interest. Because PIK interest results in an increase in the size of the loan balance of the underlying loan, the receipt by us of PIK interest will have the effect of increasing our assets under management. As a result, because the Management Fee that we pay to the Adviser is based on the greater of (A) our aggregate Capital Commitments as of the end of the two most recently completed calendar quarters and (B) the average of the value of our gross assets, the receipt by us of PIK interest may result in an increase in the amount of the Management Fee. In addition, any such increase in a loan balance due to the receipt of PIK interest will cause such loan to accrue interest on the higher loan balance, which will result in an increase in our pre-Incentive Fee net investment income and, as a result, an increase in Incentive Fees that are payable by us to the Adviser. To the extent original issue discount instruments, such as zero coupon bonds and PIK loans, constitute a significant portion of our income, investors will be exposed to typical risks associated with such income being required to be included in taxable and accounting income prior to receipt of cash, including the following: (i) the higher interest rates of PIK loans reflect the payment deferral and increased credit risk associated with these instruments, and PIK instruments generally represent a significantly higher credit risk than coupon loans; (ii) PIK loans may have unreliable valuations because their continuing accruals require continuing judgments about the collectability of the deferred payments and the value of any associated collateral; (iii) market prices of zero-coupon or PIK securities are affected to a greater extent by interest rate changes and may be more volatile than securities that pay interest periodically and in cash, and PIKs are usually less volatile than zero-coupon bonds, but more volatile than cash pay securities; (iv) because original issue discount income is accrued without any cash being received by us, required cash distributions may have to be paid from offering proceeds or the sale of our assets without investors being given any notice of this fact; (v) the deferral of PIK interest increases the loan-to-value ratio, which is a measure of the riskiness of a loan; (vi) even if the accounting conditions for income accrual are met, the borrower could still default when our actual payment is due at the maturity of the loan; and (vii) original issue discount creates risk of non-refundable cash payments to the Adviser based on non-cash accruals that may never be realized. Risks Related to Liquid Credit Although not a primary investment strategy, we may on an opportunistic basis acquire positions in liquid credit instruments from time to time. Our liquid credit investments, including investments in publicly traded debt instruments and other instruments that are not directly originated, will be subject to the same risks associated with our investments in debt generally, such as risks associated with debt investments in U.S. middle-market companies, economic recessions, inflation, risks related to the structure of the type of debt investments we will make, among others, as described in this section. In addition, our liquid credit investments may be high yield debt securities. Because the performance of high yield corporate debt securities, especially during periods of market stress, may be affected by changes, or perceived changes, in the issuer's business, financial condition or prospects, the performance of our investments in high yield corporate debt securities may be correlated with the performance of equity securities, including the equity securities in which we invest. Investments in Publicly Traded Companies Our investment portfolio may from time to time contain securities or instruments issued by publicly held companies. Such investments may subject us to risks that differ in type or degree from those involved with investments in privately held companies. Such risks include, without limitation, greater volatility in the valuation of such companies, increased obligations to disclose information regarding such companies, limitations on our ability to dispose of such securities or instruments at certain times, increased likelihood of shareholder litigation against such companies' board members and increased costs associated with each of the aforementioned risks. Moreover, we may not have the same access to information in connection with investments in public securities, either when investing in a potential investment or after making an investment, as compared to privately-negotiated investments. Furthermore, we may be limited in our ability to make investments, and to sell existing investments, in public securities because the Adviser or Third Point may be deemed to have material, non-public information regarding the issuers of those securities or as a result of other internal policies. Suspensions of Trading and Failure of Exchanges Each securities exchange typically has the right to suspend or limit trading in all securities which it lists. Such a suspension involving securities owned by us would render it impossible for us to liquidate positions and, accordingly, could expose us to losses. We also are subject to the risk of the failure of any exchanges on which our positions trade or of such exchanges' clearinghouses. 48 Non-Recourse Obligations We may invest in certain securities that are non-recourse obligations of issuers. Such securities are payable solely from proceeds collected in respect of collateral pledged by an issuer to secure such obligations. None of the security holders, officers, directors or incorporators of the issuers, trustees, any of their respective affiliates or any other person or entity will be obligated to make payments on the securities. Consequently, we, as holder of the obligations, must rely solely on distributions of proceeds of collateral debt obligations and other collateral pledged to secure obligations for payments due in respect of principal thereof and interest thereon. If distributions of such proceeds are insufficient to make payments on the securities, no other assets will be available for such payments and following liquidation of all the collateral, the obligations of the issuers to make such payments will be extinguished. Turnover A portion of our capital may be invested on the basis of short-term market considerations. The portfolio turnover rate of those investments may be significant, potentially involving substantial brokerage commissions and fees. These commissions and fees will reduce our net profits. Convertible Instruments From time to time, we may choose to execute our strategies through investments in convertible instruments or other similar equity-related instruments as a means of limiting downside risk and providing the opportunity to capture upside potential. Convertible instruments include bonds, debentures, notes, preferred stocks or other instruments that may be converted into or exchanged for a specified amount of common stock of the same or different issuer within a particular period of time at a specified price or a price determined using an agreed formula. A convertible instrument entitles its holder to receive interest that is generally paid or accrued on debt or a dividend that is paid or accrued on preferred stock until the convertible instrument matures or is redeemed, converted or exchanged. The value of a convertible instrument depends on its &quot;investment value&quot; (determined by its yield in comparison with the yields of other instruments of comparable maturity and quality that do not have a conversion privilege) and its &quot;conversion value&quot; (such instrument's worth, at market value, if converted into the underlying common stock). As a result of the conversion feature, convertible securities typically offer lower interest rates than if the securities were not convertible. During periods of rising interest rates, it is possible that the potential for capital gain on convertible securities may be less than that of a common stock equivalent if the yield on the convertible security is at a level that would cause it to sell at a discount. To the extent that convertible securities are rated lower than investment grade or not rated, there would be greater risk as to timely repayment of the principal of, and timely payment of interest or dividends on, those securities. In the absence of adequate anti-dilution provisions in a convertible security, dilution in the value of our holding may occur in the event the underlying stock is subdivided, additional securities are issued, a stock dividend is declared or the issuer enters into another type of corporate transaction which increases its outstanding securities. The credit standing of the issuer and other factors also typically have an effect on the convertible instrument's investment value. The conversion value of a convertible instrument is determined by the market price of the underlying common stock. If the conversion value is low relative to the investment value, the price of the convertible instrument is governed principally by its investment value. To the extent the market price of the underlying common stock approaches or exceeds the conversion price, the price of the convertible instrument will be increasingly influenced by its conversion value. A convertible instrument generally will sell at a premium over its conversion value by the extent to which investors place value on the right to acquire the underlying common stock while holding a fixed-income instrument. Generally, the amount of the premium decreases as the convertible instrument approaches maturity. A convertible instrument may be subject to redemption at the option of the issuer at a price established in the convertible instrument's governing documents. If a convertible instrument held by us is called for redemption, we will be required to permit the issuer to redeem the instrument, convert it into the underlying common stock or sell it to a third party. Any of these actions could have an adverse effect on our ability to achieve our investment objective. Volatility Risk and Financial Market Fluctuations Our investment program may involve the purchase and sale of relatively volatile instruments. The prices of instruments in which we invest may be influenced by, among other things, interest rates, changing supply and demand relationships, trade, fiscal, monetary and exchange control programs and policies of governments and national and international political and economic, public health and other events and policies. Fluctuations or prolonged changes in the volatility of the instruments we hold can adversely affect the value of investments we hold. We are subject to the risk of failure of any of the exchanges on which our positions trade or of our clearinghouses. Instability in the securities markets also may increase the risks inherent in our investments. The ability of the companies whose instruments we hold to refinance debt instruments or loans may depend on their ability to sell new instruments or incur additional borrowings in the public high-yield debt market or otherwise. 49 Supply Chain Disruptions Disruptions to the global supply chain may have adverse impact on our portfolio companies and, in turn, harm us. Supply chain disruptions may have an adverse impact on the business of our portfolio companies. Potential adverse impacts to certain of our portfolio companies may include, among others, increased costs, inventory shortages, shipping and project completion delays, and inability to meet customer demand. Economic and Political Environment Various sectors of the global financial markets have been experiencing an extended period of adverse conditions. Market uncertainty has increased dramatically, particularly in the U.S. and Europe, and adverse market conditions have expanded worldwide. These conditions have resulted in disruption of the global credit markets, periods of reduced liquidity, greater volatility, general widening of credit spreads, an acute contraction in the availability of credit and a lack of price transparency. These volatile and often difficult global credit market conditions have episodically adversely affected the market values of equity, fixed-income and other financial instruments and this volatility could continue and conditions could even deteriorate further. Some of the largest banks and companies across many sectors of the economy in the U.S. and Europe have declared bankruptcy, entered insolvency, administration, or similar proceedings, been nationalized by government authorities or agreed to merge with or be acquired by other banks or companies that had been considered their peers. The long-term impact of these events is uncertain but could continue to have a material effect on general economic conditions, consumer and business confidence and market liquidity. On the political front, the Adviser is consistently wary of changes that could result in market volatility; areas of heightened focus include the Israel-Hamas conflict, the war involving Russia and Ukraine, trade wars, and China, among other situations. To the extent any of the preceding or other similar conflicts or events result in sanctions by the governments involved, such sanctions could adversely impact the global economy generally, and the markets in the country that is the subject of the sanctions specifically, by, among other things, creating instability in the energy sector, reducing trade, and increasing volatility and uncertainty, which may indirectly impact us, our investments, or Third Point. The Adviser will continue to closely monitor the economic and political environment with a particular focus on protecting the downside. It is uncertain whether regulatory and other governmental actions will be able to prevent further losses and volatility in securities markets or stimulate the credit markets. We may be adversely affected by the foregoing events, or by similar or other events, including tax reform, in the future. In the longer term, there may be significant new regulations that could limit our activities and investment opportunities or change the functioning of the capital markets, and there is the possibility of a severe worldwide economic downturn. For example, under the direction of its Chairman, Gary Gensler, the SEC has indicated that it is considering adopting regulatory changes that, if adopted, may add to our already-significant compliance costs and burdens, including regulatory changes related to reporting, the private placement offering framework, disclosures regarding ESG matters and diversity, equity and inclusion matters, and reporting regarding proxy votes with respect to executive compensation matters. Moreover, several market commentators have noted that, under the leadership of its Chairman, the SEC is likely to apply a greater degree of regulatory scrutiny to, and engage in more enforcement activity against, the private equity industry. Consequently, we may not be capable of, or successful at, preserving the value of our assets, generating positive investment returns or effectively managing risks. We generally do not intend to obtain political risk insurance. Our activities could be materially adversely affected by the instability in the U.S. or global financial markets or changes in market, economic, political, or regulatory conditions, as well as by numerous other factors outside our control and the control of the Adviser, the shareholders and their respective affiliates. The threats of terrorist strikes, and the fear of prolonged conflict in the Middle East and elsewhere, have exacerbated volatility in the financial markets and caused consumer, corporate and financial confidence to weaken, increasing the risk of a &quot;self-reinforcing&quot; economic downturn. The climate of uncertainty may have an adverse effect on the portfolio companies in which we make investments. Economic and political uncertainty also increases the difficulty of modeling market conditions, which may reduce the accuracy of the Adviser's financial projections. The performance of our portfolio companies may be affected by additional catastrophic events. Many of the portfolio companies in which we will invest may be susceptible to economic slowdowns or recessions. Therefore, non-performing assets may increase, and the value of our portfolio may decrease during these periods as we are required to record the investments at their current fair value. Economic slowdowns or recessions could lead to financial losses in our portfolio and a decrease in revenues, net income and assets. Unfavorable economic conditions also could increase portfolio companies' funding costs, limit portfolio companies' access to the capital markets or result in a decision by lenders (including us) not to extend credit to such portfolio company. These events could prevent us from increasing investments and harm our operating results. 50 Governmental Intervention Pervasive and fundamental disruptions undergone by global financial markets may lead to extensive and unprecedented governmental intervention, including conservatorship and the suspensions of short selling with respect to certain companies. Such intervention may be implemented on an &quot;emergency&quot; basis, suddenly and substantially eliminating market participants' ability to continue to implement certain strategies or manage the risk of their outstanding positions. In addition, some of these interventions may be unclear in scope and application, resulting in market uncertainty that may negatively affect the efficient functioning of the markets, as well as previously successful investment strategies. It is impossible to predict whether and when such governmental intervention may occur and any such governmental intervention may affect the success of our investment strategy and may cause us to sustain significant loss. It is impossible to predict what additional interim or permanent governmental restrictions may be imposed on the markets or the effect of such restrictions on our strategies. Additionally, a major governmental intervention into industry, including the nationalization of an industry or the assertion of control over one or more portfolio companies or its assets, could result in a loss to us, including if the investment in such portfolio companies is canceled, unwound or acquired (which could be without what we consider to be adequate compensation). Uncertain Geopolitical Events International or local geopolitical events may influence the issuers of, and markets for, financial instruments that we trade. Geopolitical events, including, without limitation, national referenda, political elections, international violent and non-violent conflicts and political movements, may affect monetary policy, fiscal policy, international relations, currency valuations, legal systems and regulatory regimes, among numerous other things, in ways that may affect us or our ability to operate or pursue our investment strategy. Brexit The withdrawal of the United Kingdom (&quot; U.K. &quot;) from the European Union (the &quot; EU &quot;) in 2020 has resulted in some divergence between the laws and regulations applicable in the U.K. and the EU. The U.K. and the EU are therefore in a period of legal, regulatory and political uncertainty. This divergence is expected to increase over time and may increase our compliance and regulatory burden to the extent we are required to consider and comply with both systems. The U.K.'s withdrawal from the EU has adversely impacted U.K. firms that conduct or depend on the provision of cross-border services, including U.K. regulated firms in the financial sector, as they no longer have access to the EU single market. Although the arrangements between the U.K. and EU following the U.K.'s withdrawal provide for zero tariffs and zero quotas on all goods that comply with the appropriate rules of origin (subject to both parties maintaining a level playing field in areas such as environmental protection, social and labor rights, investment, competition, state aid and tax transparency), market access for those firms that conduct cross-border trade in goods will fall below what the single market previously allowed. The nature and extent of the impact of the U.K.'s withdrawal are difficult to predict but they may adversely affect our return and investments. Non-tariff barriers, customs declarations, customs checks, restrictions on movements of employees, withdrawal of recognition of previously recognized professional qualifications, changes in the status of the U.K. vis-&agrave;-vis the EU for tax and value-added tax purposes, and other sources of friction have the potential to impair the profitability of a business, require it to adapt, or even relocate to operate through an establishment in the EU. To the extent we offer our Shares in such markets, or the portfolio companies in which we invest operate in or are otherwise impacted by developments in such markets, there may be detrimental implications for the value of such investments, our ability to enter into transactions or to value or realize such investments or otherwise to implement our investment strategy, and we may be required to understand and prepare for these new arrangements, which in turn may result in increased operational and compliance burdens for the us or the Adviser. Ongoing Crisis in Ukraine and the Middle East On February 24, 2022, Russia commenced a full-scale military invasion of Ukraine, and on October 7, 2023, active fighting broke out between Israel and Hamas, both of which have and likely could continue to have a negative impact on the economy and business activity globally, and therefore could adversely affect the performance of the our investments. Furthermore, the conflicts in Ukraine and Israel and the varying involvement of the United States, other NATO countries and other Middle Eastern countries could preclude prediction as to their ultimate adverse impact on global economic and market conditions, and, as a result, presents material uncertainty and risk with respect to the us and the performance of our investments or operations, and our ability to achieve our investment objective. Additionally, to the extent that third parties, investors, or related customer bases have material operations or assets in Russia, Ukraine or Israel, they may have adverse consequences related to the ongoing conflicts. Repurchase Agreements To the extent consistent with Rule 18f-4 under the 1940 Act and our compliance policies and procedures related thereto, we may invest in certain derivative instruments including, without limitation, repurchase agreements. Under a repurchase agreement, we may &quot;sell&quot; securities or other obligations and agree to repurchase them at a specified date and price. In a reverse repurchase transaction, we &quot;buy&quot; securities issued from a broker-dealer or financial institution, subject to the obligation of the broker-dealer or financial institution to repurchase such securities at the price we paid, plus interest at a negotiated rate. We expect to qualify as a limited derivatives user under Rule 18f-4, which will require us to limit our derivatives exposure to 10% of our net assets at any time, excluding certain currency and interest rate hedging transactions. See &quot; &mdash; Regulation of Derivative Instruments and Financial Commitment Transactions in General &quot; below. 51 Our use of repurchase and reverse repurchase agreements involves a variety of risks. For example, repurchase agreements may involve the risk that the market value of the securities or other obligations we purchased with the proceeds of the repurchase agreement may decline below the price of the securities or other obligations we have sold but are obligated to repurchase. If the buyer of securities or other obligations under a repurchase agreement files for bankruptcy or becomes insolvent, such buyer or its trustee or receiver may receive an extension of time to determine whether to enforce our obligation to repurchase the securities or other obligations and our use of the proceeds of the repurchase agreement may effectively be restricted pending such decision. To the extent that, in the meantime, the value of the securities or other obligations that we have purchased has decreased, we could experience a loss. Further, in relation to reverse repurchase agreements, if the seller of securities to us defaults on its obligation to repurchase the underlying securities, as a result of its bankruptcy or otherwise, we will seek to dispose of such securities, which action could involve costs or delays and we may suffer a loss to the extent that we are forced to liquidate our position in the market, and proceeds from the sale of the underlying securities are less than the repurchase price agreed to by the defaulting seller. If the seller becomes insolvent and subject to liquidation or reorganization under applicable bankruptcy or other laws, our ability to dispose of the underlying securities may be restricted. It is possible, in a bankruptcy or liquidation scenario, that we may not be able to substantiate our interest in the underlying securities. Hedging Transactions We are under no obligation to hedge any risk arising out of our investment program and may elect to not hedge any such risk, or to hedge only specific risks. To the extent we do engage in such hedging transactions, all hedging transactions will be conducted in a manner that is consistent with Rule 18f-4 under the 1940 Act and our compliance policies and procedures related thereto. We expect to qualify as a limited derivatives user under Rule 18f-4, which will require us to limit our derivatives exposure to 10% of our net assets at any time, excluding certain currency and interest rate hedging transactions. See &quot; &mdash; Regulation of Derivative Instruments and Financial Commitment Transactions in General &quot; below. We may seek to utilize instruments such as forward contracts, currency options and interest rate swaps, caps, collars and floors to seek to hedge against fluctuations in the relative values of our portfolio positions from changes in currency exchange rates and market interest rates and the relative value of certain debt securities from changes in market interest rates, and such hedging activities may be aimed at protecting our unrealized gains in the value of the portfolio, enhancing or preserving returns, spreads or gains on any investment in our portfolio, protecting us against any increase in the price of any securities we anticipate purchasing at a later date, or may be done for any other reason that the Adviser deems appropriate. The success of our hedging strategy will be subject to the correlation between the performance of the instruments used in the hedging strategy and the performance of the investments in the portfolio being hedged. Since the characteristics of many securities change as markets change or time passes, the success of our hedging strategy will also be subject to the Adviser's ability to recalculate, readjust and execute hedges in an efficient and timely manner. There is no guarantee that the Adviser will be able to do that successfully. While we may enter into hedging transactions to seek to reduce risk, such transactions may result in a poorer overall performance for us than if we had not engaged in any such hedging transactions. For a variety of reasons, the Adviser may not seek to establish a strong correlation between such hedging instruments and the portfolio holdings being hedged. Such weak correlation may prevent us from achieving the intended hedge or expose us to risk of loss. The success of our hedging strategy will depend, in part, upon the Adviser's ability to correctly assess the degree of correlation between the performance of the instruments used in the hedging strategy and the performance of our investments being hedged. Since the characteristics of many instruments change as markets change or time passes, the success of our hedging strategy will also be subject to the Adviser's ability to continually recalculate, adjust and execute hedges in an efficient and timely manner. Swap Agreements Swap agreements are privately negotiated over-the-counter derivative products in which two parties agree to exchange actual or contingent payment streams that may be calculated in relation to a rate, index, instrument, or certain securities, and a particular &quot;notional amount.&quot; We will only invest in swap agreements to the extent consistent with Rule 18f-4 under the 1940 Act and our compliance policies and procedures related thereto. We expect to qualify as a limited derivatives user under Rule 18f-4, which will require us to limit our derivatives exposure to 10% of our net assets at any time, excluding certain currency and interest rate hedging transactions. See &quot; &mdash; Regulation of Derivative Instruments and Financial Commitment Transactions in General &quot; below. 52 Swaps may be subject to various types of risks, including market risk, liquidity risk, structuring risk, tax risk, and the risk of non-performance by the counterparty, including risks relating to the financial soundness and creditworthiness of the counterparty. Swaps can be individually negotiated and structured to include exposure to a variety of different types of investments or market factors. Depending on their structure, swaps may increase or decrease our exposure to commodity prices, equity or debt securities, long-term or short-term interest rates (in the United States or abroad), non-U.S. currency values, mortgage-backed securities, corporate borrowing rates, or other factors such as security prices, baskets of securities, or inflation rates and may increase or decrease the overall volatility of our portfolio. Swap agreements can take many different forms and are known by a variety of names. To the extent we invest in swap agreements, we expect such swap agreements will generally relate to the hedging of interest rate and currency risks, although we may from time to time invest in total return swaps in order to gain exposure to a loan or position which we might not otherwise be permitted to hold directly. To the extent we invest in such total return swaps, we will only do so in a manner consistent with our compliance policies and our continued qualification as a limited derivatives user under Rule 18f-4. We are not limited to any particular form of swap agreement if the Adviser determines that other forms are consistent with our investment objective and policies, to the extent such other forms are also consistent with Rule 18f-4 and our related compliance policies and procedures. A significant factor in the performance of swaps is the change in individual commodity values, specific interest rates, currency values, or other factors that determine the amounts of payments due to and from the counterparties. If a swap calls for payments by us, we must have sufficient cash availability to make such payments when due. In addition, if a counterparty's creditworthiness declines, the value of a swap agreement may also decline, potentially resulting in losses to us. Credit Default Swaps We may purchase or sell credit derivatives contracts&mdash; primarily credit default swaps (&quot; CDS &quot;)&mdash;both for hedging and other purposes. We will only invest in credit derivatives contracts to the extent consistent with Rule 18f-4 under the 1940 Act and our compliance policies and procedures related thereto. We expect to qualify as a limited derivatives user under Rule 18f-4, which will require us to limit our derivatives exposure to 10% of our net assets at any time, excluding certain currency and interest rate hedging transactions. See &quot; &mdash; Regulation of Derivative Instruments and Financial Commitment Transactions in General &quot; below. The typical CDS contract requires the seller to pay to the buyer, in the event that a particular &quot;reference entity&quot; experiences specified credit events, the difference between the notional amount of the contract and the value of a security or portfolio of securities issued by the reference entity that the buyer delivers to the seller. In return, the buyer agrees to make periodic payments equal to a fixed percentage of the notional amount of the contract. CDS generally trade on the basis of theoretical pricing and valuation models, which may not accurately value such swap positions when established or when subsequently traded or unwound under a